, the rough child of Kwangtung??
, the child whose ancestors had been in the basket over the gap in Sierras and pushed the dynamite into the scalp in the rock?
I want you to change in the wall in the flour on the wall. I want you to change in the wall in order to be turned into the wall.
, your ancestors are turning in the graves now. Your ancestors are turning in the pipes.
, you're too much to me, you're pushing too much to me, you're pressing me too much.
I'm not a slave. I'm not a slave. I'm not a slave. I'm not a slave. I'm not a slave. I'm not a slave. I'm not a slave.
I had been a protector, I ended up as a protector. I ended up as a security guard. I acted as a protector. I acted as a protector.
I finished with shocking, I'd finished with shocking. I'd finished with shocking. I'd finished with shocking. I'd finished with shocking.
I send home a few more money to the house. I send a house a little bit of money. I send a house a little bit of less than a money.
I don't have a 'as eaten at me. I don't have an  ⁇ as eaten meal of eating. I don't have an  ⁇ as eaten.
I'm sick of the evil. I'm am very evil. I'm often sick of the evil. I'm am very evil.
I die, so I'm in the fuckin' dead, I'm gonna die, so I'm in my ass.
's family's gonna be in the fuckin' fuckin' farther. He's got a family's gonna be in the fuckin' ass.
? and for what?? And for what? The prophecy of the prophecy of the prophecy?
what do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean?
, however, none of the interested parties had provided any alternative from the parties.
revision is based on the capacity-adjusted data provided by the applicant and covering the entire Union industry.
information is provided with publicly available data relating to in particular the unused capacity and capacity of producers who have stopped operating because of financial difficulties.
, as explained above in section 6 ‘Makroeconomic indicators’, revised data provide a much more precise set of capacity data available for the production of biofuels during the period considered than the data originally provided and published in the provisional Regulation.
, each errors each errors every one of the errors of error, each errors each of them. It errors the errors of the errors.
, you know what it's? What's this? What's this? What's this? What's this? What's this? What's that? What's this?
you're going to be a lot of tough sins, you're supposed to be looking for a lot of sin you're supposed to be looking for a lot of sin you're supposed to be looking for a lot.
, you can be a little for a light sins, you can be looking for a little to be a little.
? Do you understand? Do you understand? Do you understand? Do you understand?
, the man killed a guy and I helped him, and I helped him with the guy, and I helped him with him.
I was happy to be happy, I was happy to be happy. I was happy. I was happy. I was happy. I was happy. I was happy. I was happy. I was happy. I was a happy one.
, forgive me, forgive me. I'm sorry, forgive me.
! You have to go to work! Go to work! Get to work! Get to go to work!To go to work!To go to work!
, what do you mean the eyelids? Gium-jao?What do they mean?
, you know why those kids... why those kids... you know why those kids... why those kids... ...they know why those kids... ...they know why those kids... ...they... ...they know why those kids... ...they... ...they... ...there's... ...there's... ...there's...
you're gonna get a lot of money. Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
, here's another! Here's another here's another! Here's another here's another! Here's another here! Here's another here! Here's another! Here's another! Here's another! Here's another!
? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello?Ho?Ho?Hoo-site, eh?
[5] Communication from the Commission to the European Parliament, the Council, the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions: Digital Agenda for Europe, COM(2010) 245 final, 28.8.2010.
Study in Europe Erasmus and Leonardo da Vinci European Commission Home News Transport and travel Energy and natural resources EU in the Bones Economic, Finance and Tax Culture, Education and Youth Enterprises Regions and local development Justice and civil rights Science and technology Foreign policy EU Employment and social rights Agriculture, fisheries and food Environment, Consumer protection and health Studium and abroad?
, Yo, you don't want to see the cellar, shit-downer. You don't want to see the cellar, shit-dumps, shit-despite.
? Did it get you it? Did it get you it? Did it get you it? It has it made you realize that?
, now, get out of here now, get out of the way now, and get out of the way.
, the house is not for sale, for sale, is not for sale.The house is not for sale.The house is not for sale. It is not for sale.
what was it like? What was it like? What was it like? What was it? What was it? What was it? What was it? What was it? What was it?
... was it... experience? was it a experience? It was a experience? It was a experience? It was a experience? It was a experience??
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
, it was definitely the experience of experience. It was definitely the experience of experience. It was a experience. It was definitely the experience. It was the experience. It was the experience.
what's this smell? What's this like? What's this like for stink? What's this like? What's the stink? What's this like?
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
... secret Navai flowers and... ...and... ...the secret Navai Flowers and... ...the secret Navajoys... ...and...
, is everything okay? is everything okay? Does everything be okay? It's everything okay? It's everything okay? It's everything okay? It's everything okay? It's everything okay?
, not, but, not, but, in the absence of a No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
, not even a non-not even a non-nothing machine nor even a non-nothing machine nor even a non-exhaustive actor.
, actually, it's not really really a na. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .not really are not at all. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
: Application of EU legislation Answer from the Council (3 November 2009) (3) November 2009)
, she was supposed to be a test... she was supposed to be a test... ...just a test... ...and it was supposed to be a test... ...and it was supposed to be a test... ...and it was a test... ...a test... ...that was to say, the test...
, Samah stared at Xar with a pathetic prosperous speech in his eyes.
, that was all that was all that was all that was all that was all that was all that was everything. It was everything. It was everything. It was everything. It was everything. It was everything. It was everything. It was everything. It was everything.
, the difficult test, the difficult test. The difficult test. The difficult test.
, you should have learned the humility and patience. It was supposed to teach you to teach you the humility and patience.
, it should have been mitigated to your aggressiveness..."
, you'll be weakened," said Xar quietly. He said quietly, "Seenth," Xar said quietly, silently, and the weaknesses of us," Xar said quietly.
," Samah said, and slowly downward his head, and he said, and slowly down the head down, and he slowly bowed his head.
, you will be weakened."" You will be weakened."" You will be weakened.""." "The weaknesses you.""; you will be weakened."
you were afraid of us."You were afraid of us."You were afraid of us."You were afraid of us."You were afraid of us."
we were afraid of you."We were afraid of you."We were afraid of you."We were afraid of you."We were afraid of you."We were afraid of you."We were afraid of you."We were afraid."
: You were hoping to die... ..."We were hoping to die..."
, I shall be the one who is the one who is not." No." No." No." No." No." No." No." No." No." No." No." No."
, Samah shook his head. He shook his head.
Labyrint became the intrusion of this hope.
, there is nothing bigger or older than the universe than the universe, or no bigger than the universe or the elderly.
I would like to speak about the following issues: I would like to speak of the following issues: I would like to speak of the following issues:
in the universe ourselves? Are we alone in the universe ourselves?We are in space ourselves? Does we ourselves?We are in space ourselves? Does we alone? Does we alone? Does we alone?
Article 46 EC and 55 EC do not preclude Articles 43 EC and 49 EC by limiting justified grounds for public health.
, I say what I heard. I've heard, I've heard, I'm saying, what I heard. I've heard. I've heard.
, they heard the other cops. They heard it, too, the other cops. They heard it, too, cops. They heard it, too, cops.
, that means that I will go after me to the Cocker. It means that I will go after me. It means that the skipper will go after me.
, damn it, the hell, the helloppers, hell, the helloppers, the hello, the hello, the helloftain, the hello, the hello, the helloppers, the helloppers, the helloppers.
, it's a shrieking job to protect them. It's a fucking way to protect them. It's a messenger to the fucking.
I don't have to do with Freeb, just help you. And nobody knows it, except the police.
were they going to me? Did they make it up? They were they to me? They were ears on me? They were they stuck on me?
, every person has someone has someone has someone has someone's got someone else's got someone else's got someone. It's got someone else. It's got someone.
, do you want me to go away? Do you want me to go away? To leave? Do you want me to leave? Do you want me to depart?
, you told me that I'd leave, - they're not gonna help.
I'll go to the outworld. I'll go to the outworld. I'll go to the uninvested. I'll go to the uninduced.
, so I should go, so I should go, I should go, so I should go. I should go. I should go. I should go. I should go. I should go. I should go. I should go.
, the glory. The glory. The glory. It is the glory. It is the glory.
and you watch out on your language and watch out on your tongue. And you watch out on your language.
, you're not gonna be a bitter. Naser yourself.
you're gonna get in here and sit down here! Get in here to sit down here to sit down here!! Get in here to sit down here!!
, I don't have time to have time, I don't have time to have time, but I don't have time to spend my time. I don't have time. I don't have time. I have time. I don't have time.
, you go with me! Come with me! Come with me! Come with me! Get with me! With me!
, you're going to eat off then. Then you're eating off. Then you're eating off. You're eating off. You're eating off. Then you're eating off.
you, you're gonna be a bit of a kind! Come on! Come on! Come! Come on! Come! Come! Get in!
not to me, or I'll give you sexes, or I'll give you a sex, or I'll put you in me, or I'll give you sex.
! Oswald, look who's here! Oswald, look who's here!
, no one must walk behind him. No one must walk behind him. No one must walk behind him. It must be impossible to walk behind him.
, how, how, how?How, how?How, how?How, how?How?How?How?How?How?How?How?How?How?How?How to do I make sure to be a lot of time?
what are you doing here? What are you doing here? What are you doing here? What are you doing here? What are you doing here? What are you doing here? What are you doing here?
I will teach you to listen! I will teach you to listen! I will teach you to listen! I will teach you to listen! I will teach you to listen! I will teach you to hear you! I will listen to you!
, out! out! Outside! Outside! Outside! Outside! Outside!To Out!To Out!To Out!To Out!
always has it always been built by him. It always has a position of him. It always has been built. It is always worthy of him.
where is Dana? Where's Dana? Where's Dana? Where's Dana? Where's Dana? Where's Dana? Where's Dana? Where's Dana?
, on the roof, is on the roof of the roof, it is on the roof. It is on the roof. It is on the roof. It is on the roof. It is on the roof. It is on the roof.
, you'll be there, you'll be there, you'll be there.
, you know, I'm sure you're gonna tell me the address here.Take this address here. I'm sure you're addressing the address.
shooting down and this fly down! I'm going to miss me and this fly down!
! Give me the key! Give me the key! Give me the key! Give me the key! Give me the key!
I'm going to throw him down, swear! I'm going to swing him down, swear! I'm going to swing him down, swear! I'm going to swear! I'm going to swear it down!
, give me the key to me, the key to me, and I'm gonna get the key. Give me the key. Give me the key.
, baby, baby, baby, baby, you know, baby, you know, baby.
, let me do the key and nothing happens to you, and you'll get the key, and nothing's gonna happen to you.
, I give you my word! I give you my word! I give you my word! I give you my word! I give you my word! I give you my word! I give you my word!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
, help! help! Help! Help! Help! Help! Help! Help! Help!Poody!More!Accession!
, help! help! Help! Help! Help! Help! Help! Help! Help!Poody!More!Accession!
, someone help me! Someone help me! Someone help me! Someone help me! Someone help me! Someone! Someone help me!
, my father, my father, who was my father, who was father, and my father, had been a father.
, it sounds pretty sounding pretty, it sounds like it sounds nice. It sounds like it sounds beautiful. It sounds beautiful. It sounds beautiful. It sounds beautiful. It sounds beautiful. It sounds beautiful. It sounds like it sounds beautiful.
what's this? What's this? What's this? What's this? What's this? What's this? What's the difference? What's this?
, the love song my people singed. The love song that my people singed.
And someone sang her to you? And someone sang her to you? And someone sang her to you? And someone sing her to you? And someone singed her? And you? And someone singed her? And someone singed her? And someone singing her?
, all of us, all of them, all. Everyone. All.All.All.All.All.All.All.All.All.All.All.
Beautiful Rebek, Queen of Corsa, so they called me!
, on Thursday, they were shaving more thoroughly because they knew that the day I went through the main street.
I was walking from my mother's home to Teresy's office to the River Zorby.
and then back again, back again, back again, back again, back again, back down again, back again, back again, back down again, and then back again.
, where did you meet him? Did you meet him there? You met him there? You met him there? Did you meet him?
, not, but, not, but, in the absence of a No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
, it happened here. right behind the corner. Now, there was a corner. It happened. It happened. Now, right behind the corner. It happened. Now, right behind the corner.
, people didn't see each other at the time. They didn't expect people to see themselves.
!" Abner Marsh said, "Two!" he said, "Two!" he said to them.
"You shut the window, damn it, hear? Do you hear?
inside shall not be any light." "There shall be no light inside." "there shall be no light."" inside the inside." "there shall be no light."
, I like the challenges I like to call on the challenges of the call. I like calls, I like call, I like call. I like calls. I like calls.
, I didn't mean it, so I didn't mean it. I didn't mean it. I didn't mean it. I didn't mean it. I didn't mean it.
, if you don't tell yourself what you think, don't say anything about what you think, don't say anything.
, the assessment begins tomorrow morning, the morning will start the morning.
, before I come, you prepare traditional food for traditional food.
, you never told me your wife was against marriage. You never told me your wife was against marriage.
sirella is a woman with strong beliefs with strong beliefs.
, believing that the connection of our family with foreigners, we lose our identity as Klingoni.
, this is a pre-expressed and xenophobic opinion. It is a preconditioned and xenophobic opinion.
, we are Klingoni, Worf. We are Klingoni, Worf, Worf. We are Klingoni, Worf.
, we don't accept foreign culture, we're taking them. We're taking them away from foreign culture, we're taking them.
, who wants to join us must honor our traditions and show that it is worth wearing a big house character.
, Jadzia is worthy of the rank. It is worthy of Jadzia. It is worthy of the rank.
, it is a honorable woman and a great battlefighter. It is a fair woman and a great big combatant. It is a fair woman and a big combat boy.
, in paragraph 2, prohibits any liability of natural or legal persons, entities and bodies which have provided funds or economic resources, unless they knew and had reasonable reason to assume that they had infringed that prohibition.
Article 3 1. Article 3 1. Article 3 1. Article 3 1. Article 3 1. Article 3 1. Article 3 1. Article 3 1. Article 3 1. Article 3 1.
Article 2(2) shall not apply to the entry into frozen accounts:
Gilles Caulier Caulierer Gilles Caulierer Cailles Caulierer Caulierer Caulierer Cailles Caulierererves Gilles Caulierer Caulierer Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier, and Gilles Caulier Caulierer Caulierer Caulierer Caulierer Caulierer Cauliererierer Caulierer Caulierer's Gilles Ca Caulier Ca Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Caulier Cailles Caulier Caulier Cailles Caulier Caulier Cailles Cauliereriererier Cailles Cailles Cailles C
developer Developer Developer (Eductor) Developer Developer Developer, Developer, developer, developer, developer, developer, and develops, in the wake of the developer, and the developer, in the event of a developer,
tools Tools Tools Tools Tools Tools Tools, Tools, Tools, Tools, Tools, Tools, Tools, Tools, Tools, Tools, Tools, Tools, Guide, Site,
main toolbar toolbar toolbar key toolbar toolbar, main toolbar linearrows the main toolbar toolbar linearrows the toolbar, the main toolbar linearrows the toolbar, the main toolbar linearizes the toolbar, and the toolbarrows
, the temporary panorama file doesn't exist. The time set of panorama does not exist. The temporal panorama does not exist. The temporal panorama do not exist.
, the current project file doesn't exist. The current project is not a project. The current project is not a project.The current project is not present.The current project is not.
was already created in the temporary directory in the PTO file.
, the PTO file cannot be created in the temporary directory. The PTO file cannot be created in the temporary directory.
, the processing of a file failed. The processing of a file failed.The processing of a file failed.The processing failed.
, repealed, the Operation cancelled. The Operation cancelled.
, the creation of a picture of Tiff was not successful.
, the transfer of Raw failed file. The Raw failed.The transfer of the Raw file failed.The transfer of the Raw file failed.
carcinoma colorectal cancer and breast cancer When monotherapy with capecitabine in adjuvant treatment of colon cancer, in the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer or locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer is recommended at the initial dose of 1250 mg/m2 administered twice daily (run and evening; that corresponds to the total daily dose of 2500 mg/m2) for 14 days with the following 7-day pre-dose dosing regimen.
patients with colon cancer in the phase III cancer is recommended for 6 months when adjuvant treatment with patients with colon cancer.
combination therapy with carcinoma colorectal cancer and stomach cancer In combination therapy, recommended initial dose of capecitabine should be reduced to 800 to 1000 mg/m2 for 14 days with subsequent stop 7 days or 625 mg/m2 twice daily at continuous administration (see section 5.1).
1 mg/m2 is recommended in combination with irinotecan at 2x daily for 14 days with subsequent break of 7 days, irinotecan is administered at 200 mg/m2 on Day 1 dose.
added to the combined dose of capecitabine, the addition of bevacizumabine to the combined regimen does not affect the capecitabine dose.
, according to the summary of product characteristics for cisplatin, capecitabine should be given prior to initiating cisplatin treatment with predicemedication to maintain adequate hydration and premedication of antemetics.
antemetics is recommended for patients treated with capecitabine plus oxaliplatin, according to the Summary of Product Characteristics for Oxaliplatin.
Adjuvant treatment of patients with colon cancer of the fat bowel stage III is recommended for up to 6 months.
breast cancer In combination with docetaxel, the initial dose of capecitabine is recommended in the treatment of metastatic breast cancer 1250 mg/m2 twice daily for 14 days with the following 7-day pre-administration, docetaxel is administered at 75 mg/m2 at intravenous infusion of continuing 1 hour every three weeks.
drug-treated patients receiving capecitabine in combination with docetaxel should be given premedication of oral corticosteroids, e.g. dexamethasone, according to the instructions given in the summary of docetaxel.
calculations Capecitabine Teva dose calculations Capecitabine Teva Teva dose calculations Capecitabine Teva Teva dose Capecitabine Teva Teva Teva dose toxicity
body carcases 1250 mg/m2 body at the initial dose of 1250 mg/m2 at the initial dose of 1250 mg/m2 at the initial dose of 1250 mg/m2
, the end of the afternoon, was in Paris, trying to kill time and waiting for a meeting with a former colleague from DGSE.
, when?" "So, when?" he said, "So he is already ruling, when?" when?"
"Yes, the date is already given, Dmitrij."; "Yes, the date is given, Dmitriji."
"So who I am going to go and call to contract us to the meeting."
"Do you have to meet him personally?" asked American, according to Popov's opinion, somewhat stupid.
laughing slightly at him, laughing slightly.
"Good friend, but in person, but in person.
, such things are not to be dealt with by fax." "they's not to deal with fax."
, "That's risky." "It's risky." "It's risky." "It's risky." "It's risky."
"Only, just a little bit slightly. "It is just a little bit slightly. "It is just a little bit.
, the meeting will be carried out on a safe place, and the safe place will be carried out.
what's in his mouth? What's this in his mouth? What's in my mouth? What's in my mouth? What's in my mouth?
, the transferable transponder trans transponder. The transferable transponder.The transmitted trans transponder.
, in order to recognise that the report sent the aircraft from the aircraft.
, it's good to be good, it's good to be good, it's good, it's good to be good. It's a good thing to do so, it's a good thing to do with the good.
, that boy loves Halloween. The boy loves Halloween. The boy loves Halloween.
, that without the savings, that is the uncontrolled, unsavored.
how long did you plan it? How long did you plan it? How long did you plan it? Did you plan it?? Did you plan it?? Did you plan it?
, the moon, the moon, the moon, the moon, and the moon.
12?  ⁇   ⁇  12  ⁇   ⁇  12  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  12?  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  12?  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  12?  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  12?
Michael, I do not understand your pleasure that you are in the pleasure of being in the world, Michael, who is not aware of your pleasure, which you are in the pleasure of in you, which you are in the village of Michael, which you are in.
people are afraid of Halloween people are to fear each other.
, but you didn't give them the option to negotiate (ang.: punish).
Halloween is his favorite holiday, Kitte.
what is your favorite holiday, Saro? What is your favorite holiday, Saro?
: Ireland and combustion of waste Answer from the Commission (14 April 2008)
, the third question concerns the attributability of the hearing.
, in essence, the question is to be found whether the Commission could legitimately attribute liability for the infringement committed by another undertaking, on the basis of a unilateral declaration issued by TKS.
I would also like to point out that the public authority, such as the Commission, whose role is to supervise the application of the principles laid down in Article 81 EC, cannot depart from the rules and principles relating to the attributability of the conduct under specific agreements concluded between undertakings.
, let's go, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
, well, living and healthy. It's healthy and healthy.
, here's the way here, here's here, here's here, here's here, here's here, here's here, here's a lot of time, and here.
, when you talk about the living and healthy, how is Comet? Does it mean that you speak of the comet?
? Do you worry about the car, okay? Yeah? Yeah, the car doesn't worry about it, okay?
, old and all of your things, old and old enough to worry about your things.
, I'm not gonna tell you twice, I'm not gonna tell you this to say it twice. I'm not gonna tell you twice. I'm not gonna tell you this to you twice. I'm not gonna tell you that you're twice.
, don't approach her. Don't approach her. Don't approach her. Don't approach her. Don't approach her. Don't approach her.
, keep it from it, keep it from it, keep it from it, and keep it from it, and keep it from it.
just said it twice. He just said it twice. He just said it twice. Double, twice.
, it was once for everyone to each one. It was one for everyone. It was one for everyone. It was one for everyone. It was one for everyone. It was one for everyone. It was one for everybody.
, you're gonna be a good one, okay. Well, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, the goodbye to the goodbye, and the good-looking, the good-looking.
, remember, you have a first training with children today alone with children of the first training yourself.
, to remain in the distincts, they're going to stay in the waste of the distincts.
, nothing else, a dirt-and-driven.
what I'd do, kidnapped them? What would I do? I suppose he had kidnapped them? I would have kidnapped them, kidnapping them?
, in the supply of the supply, supplies to the supply of the supply, and deliveries, are delivered.
, let's go, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
: all of you have been told about the right to the ticket.
, the ticket permits are quite indefinite enough.
measures to prevent fraud and irregularities The ICAC Committee ensures that OLAF (European Anti-Fraud Office) or other financial services shall make available to the book making an audit or check if requested by the Commission.
, ICAC undertakes to ensure the course of inspection, investigations or visits in its premises.
I'm not real, I'm not real, I'm not real. I'm not real. I'm not real. I'm not real. I'm not real. I'm not real. I'm not real. I'm not real. I'm not real.
, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, and my God, I am, I have a good faith in the spirit of my God.
were you calling on the police? Did you call the police? Do you call the police?
, watch the watch. Watch the Watchtower, watch the Watchtower.
, it's twisted, it's twisted. It's twisted. It's vomited. It's twisted. It's vomiting. It's reversed.
, tell me it's some special effect that's some special effect. It's a special effect.
, I'm alive in the nutrient of living. I'm living in the living. I'm living in the living. I'm living in the living. I'm living in the living. I'm living on the living.
, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay with the order of the morning of the morning's.
, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay with the order of the morning of the morning's.
what the fuck is it? What the fuck is it? What the fuck is it? What the fuck is it? What the fuck is it? What the fuck is it?
's exactly what I said. I was also saying. I was also saying it too. I was also saying it. I also said it too. I also said it. I also said it. I also said it. I was also saying.
, perhaps, miracles do not just stand in Lourdes.
is some chance that you should be interested in exploring this? Do you think it's a chance to be a chance to look at it?
, in addition to the recordings? Do you have anything else, except that recording? Do you have anything else, except that recording?
only the return address on the envelope only on the back of the address on the envelope.
, it was a superb idea of poor poor guy. It was a superb idea of poor guy. It was a superb idea of poor girl.
you'd better take the car off quickly or take him off the ash.
, really funny, really funny, really, really, fun. It's really fun.
I can't go, go and tell him I'm sorry. I can't go to him and tell him I'm sorry.
I could think, just if I open the door, I could open the door.
I can't lose, it's just a Bug. It's just a Bug. It's just a little bit. It's just a Bug.
, Kevine, Kevine!!
, Kevin, Kevin! Kevin, Kevin, Kevin!
Magg, what are you doing again? Magg, what are you doing again? Magg, what are you doing again? Magg, what are you doing again?
, Kevin, Kevin! Kevin, Kevin, Kevin!
what you're trying to do with the stupid car!?? What are you trying to do? Do you try to do the stupid car!? What are you trying to do?
I thought you didn't want to race anymore. I thought you didn't want to race anymore. I thought you didn't want to race anymore.
! It was incredible! It was incredible! It was incredible! It was incredible! It was incredible! It was incredible! It was incredible!
, the riders sat still sitting and now sat in the circle around two officers.
Janus wished he had a far-looking approach and could see them close.
, he seemed to hold one of the officers in his hands of a gun and the header had a dried mouth.
, the pistol was reached until he and Janus watched the officer collapsed on his side.
, Johnus joined Gambion.
, nothing in the sense of nothing, nothing but nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. It is nothing to do with the Nothing.
? So, so you're going to be around the town over the day? So, so you're going to be around the city over the day? So, you're desired for the city over the day?
, does it lead to channels or something like that? Does it lead to channels or something like that? It's not doing it into channels or something? Does it lead to channels or something like that?
, you'll show me that? Do you show me that? I'm gonna show me that?
, not, but, not, but, in the absence of a No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
... why aren't you...? Why are you... Why are you... Why are you...? Why are you...?? - Why are you...? - What are you...?
, Buffy knows you're here? Does Buffy know you're here? Does Buffy know you're here? Does Buffy know you're here?
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
, nothing would please her more than finding that I spend time in the vampire doupati.
, especially in your own. In particular, in your own.
, go home, go home, go home, and go home. Go home, go home. Go home. Go home. Go home.
, but here you can't stay here, you can't stay here, damn it, you can't stay here, you can't be here, damn it, you can't stay here.
why not not? Why aren't they? Why aren't they? Why aren't they? Why aren't they?
, because I have something to do with the work of something, I have something to do with the work. I have something to do with the work. I have something to do.
! bad things, evil things!! bad things!
substances and sodium content This medicinal product contains a small amount of ethanol (alcohol), less than 100 mg in one 17 ml vial.
medicinal product contains less than 23 mg sodium in one 17 ml vial, i.e. the vial is essentially “no sodium”.
creating a random texture in the form of clouds of coincidence in the form of clouds, creating a random texture in the form of clouds, forming an accidental texture in the form of clouds, clouds and clouds
creating a random plasma texture of a random plasma texture, creating a random plasma texture of a random plasma texture, creating a random plasma texture of a kind, a random plasma texture
Create _archivov _archivov _archivov Create _archivov _archivov _archivov _chování _archivov
... create archives... to create archives... to create archives... to create archives... to create archive... to create archive... to create archive...
... create archives... to create archives... to create archives... to create archives... to create archive... to create archive... to create archive...
Create archivist archive to create archive archive to create archive of archive archive, create archive archive to create archive, to create archive permanently, archive permanently, to create archive permanently archive
Create AR code code AR code code AR code Cod QUE CANES FORCE AR code ENTERS Codes
creation of media for restoring the operational system operating system for the restoration of the operational system for the creation of the media for restoring the operational system of the operational system of the operation system for restoring the operational system of the operation system, creating media for restoring the operating system
create a rectangle object to create a rectangle object to create a rectangle rectangle object to create a rectangle rectangle, creating a rectangle rectangle object
Create rectangular trace of rectangular trace of the rectangular trace of the rectangular trace of the rectangular trace of the rectangular trace of the rectangular trace of the rectangular trace of the rectangular trace
Create a rectangular trace with prolated edges of the edge of the rectangular trace with prolane edge
creating a re-entry transition from palette color palettes to create a re-entry transition from colors of palettes of palettes, creating a re-establishing transition from palettes of palettes of palettes, which is the transition from colours of palettes of palettes
arguments must be positive integers of the whole number of the number, the arguments of the Create must be positive, the positive integer of the whole number of numbers must be positive, the whole number of the numbers, headings of the frequency, must be positive.
Create a root offer ‘Ak_ce-Nautilus’ menu to create a root menu ‘Ak_ce-Nautilus’ (Ak_ce-Nautilus’)
"Barbarians," he guessed, "Barbarians," he guessed.
, why should I do it? I have no mind, and why should it?
, he had dreamed of, here, in Krystal-Tirith, and he had no desire to travel somewhere.
, if only after his will were only after his will, if it were only after his will.
, Crenshinibon was relics that were really living in her magic.
, and part of her life was killing the desire for the time and control of the control.
, she wanted more than one of the more, she wanted more to be more wanted to see more than one of the more. She wanted more.
, she wanted too much to be too much, she wanted too much to ask for power to be too much.
, when Akar noticed smoke and remembered the Tenimities, he woke her hungry and now at Kessella, her strong sugestive power had been down.
, the deepness of his mind was a sudden imperative idea.
he saw himself sitting on the throne of Bryn Shander, he had flown in the wealth and the whole courtyard was pushing.
, he imagined the tower of the magic scientists in Luskan, the tangles, and especially Eldeluca and Dendybar, until they hear of Akar Kessell, the lord of Tenima and the rulers of the whole of the Ice Wind!
if they offer him a specially ridiculous order? If they offer him a specially bid their mixture order?
though Kessella really enjoyed his lined life, this idea was grinning to him.
, he thought of his imagination, examining the pathways that would have so intensive targets could achieve.
the European Innovation Partnership (EIP) in the field of active and healthy ageing is to increase average life expectancy by 2020 by 2020 by the EU by two years.
partnership aims to improve the quality of life of elderly citizens and to more efficient health care solutions.
is focused on the use of innovation in a larger scale than now, in such areas such as health promotion, prevention, early diagnosis and treatment, integrated health and social care systems based on cooperation, as well as assistant technologies.
, the Commission will carry out a discussion on the consultation to obtain a clear view of the potential and capacity of innovation in different areas that have an impact on ageing.
, based on these answers, it then plans further action in the European innovation partnership for innovation.
ongoing consultation is also ongoing with the European Partnership Conference on Innovation in the field of active and healthy ageing today in Brussels today.
more than 150 representatives of stakeholders discuss their views how to transform partnerships into specific actions.
European Partnership for Innovation Initiative in the field of active and healthy ageing is part of the EU Strategy "Union of Innovation", one of the flagship initiatives of the Europe 2020 strategy aimed at transforming ideas in jobs, environmental growth and social progress (IP/10/1288).
EU innovation has a three-way objective: allowing Europe to achieve scientific results at global level, to substantially alter the way of cooperation between the public and private sectors, in particular thanks to innovation partnerships, and to remove barriers (such as cost patents, market fragmentation, slow introduction of standards and insufficient qualifications) currently preventing rapid penetration of ideas on the market.
is responsible for the purpose of the Digital Agenda for Europe, which is fully used by the ICT potential and promote prosperity and improve the quality of life (see IP/10/581, MEMO/10/199 and MEMO/10/200).
! It's my mother! It's my mother! It's my mother! It's my mother! It's my mother! It's my mother! It's my mother! It's my mother!
could not be both? could they be both? Could it be possible to be brows?
, Mom, are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay? Mum, you're okay? Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay?
, Pegasi, I'm very sorry. - I'm not sorry. - I'm not sorry. - I'm not sorry.
I don't know how I'd apologize, Mrs... ...Pegasus... ...Pegasus... ...Pegasus... ...I don't know how to apologize to you... ...Pegasus... ...the Page... ...Pegasus... ...to be.
! Be cold. Two: Two: Two: Behold in cold. Two: Two: Behold in cold. Behold in cold. Two:
, hold the wheel, pull the bike." OK. OK.
, dad, you'll hurry up. Don't worry about it.
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
, you know, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well.The well-being well.
, by decision of 26 October 2004, the Minister rejected that complaint.
, you can't survive more than a few hours without that matter. You can't survive more than a few hours without that matter. You can't survive more than a few hours without surviving.
, father's right, that's the right to his father. It's the right to his father.
what will be with you, Teal'c? What will be with you, Teal'c? What will be with you, Teal'c?
, my son, for what I have to do to you, my son, for what I have to do to you, I'm sorry, my son, for what I have to do to you.
I'm doing this to save your life, but I'm doing it to save you life, to save you life. I'm doing it to save you life.
more people have been rid of life, so that he can keep alive?
, Dennis, as regards this. When will you need them? If you need them?
? Do you want to go through the beach, Vinci? Just go through now, you don't want to go through the beach, Vinci?
I would like to like this too much to like to be too much to like to do this. I would like to like to do this too. I would like to love it too much. I would like to.I would like to.d. I would like to.
I'm my man, this is my man, my man. It's my man. It's my man. It's my man. It's my man. It's my man. It's my man.
Margery and I thought we could throw it a little bit of a kind.
I thought I remind you that I remind you your friend of your son. I thought I remind you of your son, I thought I'd remind you of your son's friend.
? Yeah, who I always wanted to fuck. That's your ass. I'm doing shit. I'm always doing this. I'm always gonna fuck. That's your ass.
Asia should be strengthened by initiatives aimed at regional cooperation in nutrition areas.
harmonisation of EU action The EU approach to food security in developing countries must be based on the principle of the Paris declaration on the effectiveness of the assistance, the Action Programme of the Akra and the Code of EU rules as regards the work on development policy.
EU and Member States should identify regions and countries in relation to which work should be divided, and coordinated by their principal donor, according to their comparative advantages.
EU and Member States have several political frameworks and financial instruments that partner countries can help to tackle food security problems.
measures should help to help increase policy harmonisation, more tightly linked instruments and coordination with private investors.
policy sustainability[26] in food security will be developed through a range of policy instruments including agriculture, trade, fisheries, climate change, environmental protection and research.
, this coherence has been strengthened by reforming the common agricultural policy and future reforms will be taken into account for global food security objectives.
reform of the Common Fisheries Policy will further increase the coherence of European fisheries policies in the fisheries and fisheries sector, on the one hand, and the development objectives of the other.
, in the last place, the achievement of balanced, comprehensive and ambitious results of the Doha Development Programme strengthened international business system, which should be positive for food security.
enhanced the coherence of the EU's international governance system and Member States should better align the way food security is managed internationally and support the rapid reform of the Food Safety Committee (CFS) to be a central body in the area.
the Committee should seek the power to supervise the other specific areas that are concerned by food security, e.g. food assistance and nutrition.
priorities of the three UN agencies with the established in Rome (FAO, WFP, IFAD) and should also be improved in order to synergies.
reform of the UN system and ongoing review of the role and priorities of the FAO are opportunities to increase quality and efficiency.
! fucking hippie!!daddy hippie!To the fucking hippie!
, it's enough! It's enough! It's enough! It's enough! It's enough! It's enough! It's enough! It's enough!
, remember how we jumped from the railway bridge into the lake? Do you remember how we jumped from the railway bridge?
, it was a bigger egg. It was a bigger egg. It was a bigger egg. It was a bigger egg. It was a bigger egg. It was a bigger egg.
, you always pushed me there without warning, you always pushed me there without warning. You have always pushed me there without warning.
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
you, you're gonna do it! Do it! Do it! Make it!
, Drane, Dane, and Dane, you're keeping up, Dane, Dane.
, and it's it's a bit of it, and it's it's it's a bitter, and it's it's it. It's a lot of it. It's a lot of time.
? I killed your grandmother? I killed your grandmother? I killed your grandmother? I killed your grandmother? I killed your grandmother? I killed your grandmother? I killed your grandmother?
where they take all the lyrics? Where do they take all the lyrics? They take all the lyrics? They take all the lyrics? They take all the liner?
, Elwood, grab him, and Elwoode, and he's got him, and Elwoode.
THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION, THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION, THE COMMISSION, THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION, THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION, Having regard to the THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION, Having regard to the THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION, Having regard to the EUROPEAN COMMISSION, Having regard to the proposal, THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION, Having regard to the proposal, Having regard to the European Parliament, Having regard to the Council, Having regard to the European Parliament and of the Council, Whereas:
TISK OF THE PROPOSAL OF THE PROPOSAL REPORT OF THE PROPOSAL PROPOSAL PROPOSAL PROPOSAL PROPOSAL PROPOSALS FOR THE PROPOSAL OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES, Having regard to the TISKE
Brussels, 16 December 2013 in Brussels, 16 December 2013 – Brussels, 16 December 2013 – Brussels, 16 December 2013 – Brussels, 2013 – Brussels, 16 December 2013 – Brussels, 2013 – Brussels, 16 December 2013 – the Brussels, 2013 – Brussels, paragraph 1, which is the case-by-case
European Commission today approved the initiative "Shipft2Rail" – a new public-private partnership, investing almost EUR 1 billion in research and innovation in order to get more passengers and goods on European railways.
rails include the most efficient and environmentally friendly transport modes, but currently only about 10% of cargo and 6% of passengers in the EU.
– Rome and back; Cuneo – Rome and back;;; Cuneo – Rome and back;;
, accurate data are not available because part of catches went on to quarantine elsewhere, but it is the fact that young nosoro ⁇ ci in the Dvo ⁇  Králové were acclimated.
I saw you in the gym in the gym, I saw you in the gymnasium, in the gymnity of you. I saw you in the gym.
I voted because the police are unnecessary. I voted because the police are unnecessary.
, outdoors are all complicated more complicated. It's all outdoors are all the more complicated. It's all the way out.
, my brother was shot at the daylight after the daylight. My brother was shot at the morning's light.
police had put her time for the police to spend time.
, she caught some people and identified them, and she had captured some people and identified them. She caught them.
I said to them in their face: I told them to them in their face: I told them to them in their face: I said to them in their face: I said unto them:
they are. They arrested them for murder. They are they." They arrested them for murder. They are they." They arrested for them for murder.
, after three months, they were released after three months. They were released after the three months.
I was looking for me and they found me, and they found me, too, and they were looking for me and they found me. They were looking for me and they found me.
who gave them my address? Who gave them my address? Who gave them my address? Who gave them my address? Who gave them my address?
I had three ribs, wedge bones, and all the fingers on this hand.
, my sieve was infringed. My sieve was infringed. My sieve was infringed. It was infringed.
, Fialka, Mushkate, Orchid, Orchid...
, we need more people in the morning group, but we need more people in the morning group.We need a morning group of people, but we need more people in the morning groups.
knights bowed to the knights. Knights bowed.
"And this is Tanis Pollef, our leader," said Sturm.
, when I fell deep into my long-term friend Penny's long-term friend...
, she's the one she's the one she's the one she's the one she's been the one she's been. It's her. It's her. It's her. It's her.
, a little silent necopa, a little bit of a silent necard.
I was built before this homeless thing... that is horrible.
I realized that tonight I was not the only hero in the room in the room. I realized that I was not the only hero in the room tonight.
? what are we going to do? What are we going to do? What are we going to do? What are we going to do? What are we going to do?
, we dug the graves, we chase prints... and the court then don't care?
, who murdered, winning, winning, and who murdered, winning, winning, winning.
, this is not a competition, this is not a competition, this is not a competition, this is not a competition, a competition. It is not a competition. It is not a competition.
not the winner is not about winning. It is not a winner. It is not a winner. It is not a winner. It is not a win. It is not a win.
, the courts are like bones. They are like bones. They are like bones. They are like bones. They are like bones. They are like bones.
, what's going on one week, doesn't have to go out next. It's not gonna be going out next week, maybe one week, you don't have to go out next.
I know it. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know it. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know.
I know this, I know that I know that, I know that, I know, that's what I know. I know. I know. I know. It's me.
, if you have anger, then they win. They win, then they win.
... he thought... he thought... he thought... ...washer a... ...and he thought... ...washer a... ...and he thought... ...washer a lot of... ...and he thought... ...washer the... ...and he was thinking... ...and he was... ...after he was... ...information... ...and the... ...information of the... ...and... ...and... ...and he thought... ...and... ...and he thought... ...was... ...and he was... ...in the... ...information... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...then... ...then... ...then... ...then... ...then... ...and he thought of a... ...and... ...and he thought of a... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and he thought of a... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...was... ...and... ...and... ...was... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...was... ...and... ...and he thought... ...and... ...and... ...in the... ...in the... ...in the... ...in the... ...and he thought... ...in the... ...was... ...in the... ...in the... ...was... ...in the... ...in
, Gunnerie, so, Gunnerie, and Gunnerie.
accession services (CPC 7472)) (CPC 7472)) Guide-related Guideway Services (CPC 7472)
vessels relating to restrictions on fishing effort Member State shall not permit fishing gear which belongs to one of the groups of fishing gear defined in point 3, in the area of no vessel which has been registered in 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005 or 2006 has shown no fishing activity in this area, with the exclusion of record of fishing activities due to transfer days between fishing vessels, unless it ensures that equivalent capacity measured in kilowa must not be hunted in the area.
ing with a record of the use of equipment belonging to one of the group of fishing plants defined in point 3, may be authorised to use other fishing gears provided that the number of days allocated to that second installation is at least equal to the number of days assigned to the first installation.
vessels flying the flag of a Member State which does not have quotas defined in point 1, shall not fish in this area with the use of equipment belonging to one of the group of fishing gears defined in point 3, unless the quota is allocated on the basis of transfer in accordance with Article 20(5) of Regulation (EC) No 2371/2002 and unless the days of the sea are allocated to it in accordance with point 13 of this Annex.
vehicles with a remedy equipment should be taken into account the effect of this device.
‘Maximum technically permissible weight for axle (m)’ means: the weight corresponding to the maximum permissible static vertical load of the vehicle operating surface, the vehicle design and corrections and the vehicle manufacturer.
‘Maximum technically permissible mass on the axle group’: means the weight corresponding to the maximum permissible static vertical load of the vehicle-operating group, the vehicle design and the vehicle group and the vehicle manufacturer.
: ‘Application of mass’ means the overall load operating on the surface of the vehicle axle/carriage/carriage of towed vehicles/engine towers.
‘Maximum technically permissible trailer (TM)’ means the maximum trailer mass of the manufacturer concerned. 2.6 The maximum trailer mass is the maximum mass of the manufacturer.
‘Maximum technically permissible mass of the vehicle’: the weight corresponding to the maximum permissible static vertical load in the connection, the vehicle and/or the coupling device and the said manufacturer.
‘Maximum technically permissible mass of the loaded bicycles (MC)’ means the total mass of the vehicle and trailer/crust weight referred to by the manufacturer.
, the question is not necessary that the parties themselves are raised; the national judge may also be ordered without a proposal.
the application for a preliminary ruling on the interpretation of each court concerned has the power to refer the question to the Court concerning the interpretation of Community law, if it considers necessary to resolve the dispute before it.
, in contrast, the court whose decision cannot be challenged by the remedies under national law is essentially required to submit a question to the Court, unless there is a case-law (and any new framework does not constitute genuine doubt on the possibility of applying this case-law) or is the correct way of interpreting the Community rules.
, the Court of First Instance, which may be challenged by remedies, may, in particular, be sufficiently clear, in the light of the case-law of the Court, decide itself on the correct interpretation of Community law and its application of the facts made by it.
, however, a reference for a preliminary ruling may show, in a suitable stage, as regards a new question of interpretation of the general importance for the uniform application of Community law or, where the current case-law does not appear to be applicable to a completely new factual framework.
, the national court is saying that it is necessary to explain what is required to interpret its judgment.
the application for a preliminary ruling on the validity of the national courts, where the national courts have the opportunity to refuse the pleas relating to invalidity which are applied before them, the possibility to declare the Community act for annulment falls within the exclusive competence of the Court of Justice.
, each national court must therefore refer to the Court a preliminary ruling from the Court, if it has doubts as to the validity of the Community act, to which it considers that the Community act could be invalidated.
, however, if the national court has serious doubts as to the validity of the Community act on which national act is based, it may exceptionally suspend temporarily the implementation of the latter act or take any other precautionary measures in that regard.
, the question is obliged to refer questions concerning the validity of the Court and state reasons why the Community act is not valid.
, at the time of the request for a preliminary ruling, the national court may submit a request for a preliminary ruling, as soon as it finds that the decision on questions or questions of interpretation or validity is necessary to enable it to be delivered; it is a national court which can best assess the best in what stage of the proceedings is such a request.
, however, it is desirable that the decision to refer questions to the Court should be adopted in the proceedings where the court is able to define the facts and the legal framework for the Court to have all the information necessary to verify that Community law in the main proceedings is applicable.
, in order to ensure proper enforcement of justice, that the question referred for a preliminary ruling is also referred after the contradictory discussion of the case.
, in the form of a reference for a preliminary ruling from the national court, the form of a decision on a preliminary ruling from the Court may be adopted in any form which the national law permits for procedural issues.
, however, it must be held that this document, which is the basis for the proceedings which will be before the Court of Justice, and that the Court must have the information which allows it to provide a national court with a useful answer.
Blockody Holly, who is being sold by the group. The Bloody Holly, who is being sold by the group.
, and, whow, penetrating a blocade of grace brusal late Friday.
I see you study theory, Fred.
, I like this, I like this, I like it, I like it, I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it.
, finally, he turned to the cabinet of the Corporal Cabetor.
, the Cabbarian watched him as a guardian, watching him as a guardian, watching him as a guardian, watching him as a guardian.
, the shortened door opened with a glazing open.
all the necks were pulled off. They were all necks. They were all shots of their neck. They were made. They were all neck. They were made.
, Rawlingings, please, please. Rawlingings, please. Please.Rawlings, please.
"If I don't return to me, I'll be too important for funeral, I'll be able to return to me, if I don't return to my funeral too important.
, as you can, just make it easier to do it, just as it goes. It's easy to do it.
I am not a believer, and I am not standing about the great ceremony. I am not a believer, and I am not standing about the great ceremony.
I think that this thing around Portra ..I guess that this ceremony is involved in this ceremony.
, you are lucky enough to all you all. I'm lucky enough to all you all.
. Now, we're going to guess... ...but then we're gonna have a baby.
love. Do you think of me? Do you think of me?
, and there, and there, and there, and there, and there, and there, and there, and there. Here and there. The one and there.
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
? Did you see the newspaper? Did you see the newspaper? Did you see the newspaper? Did you see the newspaper? Did you see the newspaper?
I remember the time when your second name was the danger.  ⁇ !, Jimmy. I remember the time when your second name was the Nazi.  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇ , Jimmy.
... ...is your wife... ...is in the vault... ...my wife is in the vault? ...is my wife in the vault? ...is my wife in the vault? ...is my wife in the vault?
, would it be outside the bowl if I asked you at this important moment... ...who you are and what you do in my house?
... ...my son. Oh, no, no, no.
, I know what you think about, I know what you think about. I know what you think about.
, you know where this is going? no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
, it'll be about five minutes' walk away. It'll be about five minutes. It'll be about five minutes. It'll be about five minutes. It'll be about five minutes.
, maybe 1 0 0 0 0 0 0, maybe 0 0 0 0, maybe 0 0 0, maybe 0 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
, the vintage of the vestineku.
, you know, a guy than you were waiting for, before you waited.
I was afraid of you from the beginning of the feast of the beginning of the featuring me, and I was afraid of you.
That's why I came to the bridge of the rebellion, so I came to the bridge. I came to the bridge.
! lunch!! Lunch! Getting! Getting! Getting! Getting!
, like a picnic, that?  ⁇ s like a picnic, that?  ⁇ s like a picnic, that?  ⁇ s a picnic, a picnic?  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  
, where do I put this place? If I'm going to get this?
, you know, Max. I should have to tell you some things. I should tell you something about you. I should be talking to you. I should be talking to you about something.
, maybe the holes in the bowl, like those in the boxing of the hole in the padding.
, the holes that were made from inside the inside. The holes that were made from the inside.
! Oh, Mullene!! Oh, Mulllene! Oh, Mullene!
? sir, sir?? sir, sir, sir?
, could you, from the old knowledge, to refuel into my car, petrol?
, almost empty, it's almost empty, almost empty, it's almost empty. It's almost empty. It's almost empty. It's almost empty. It's almost empty. It's a blanket of empty.
, sir, sir, sir, sir, Mr., Mr., Mr., Mr., Mr., Mr., Mr.., Mr.., Mr...
?Tell you the door, and you'll shut down the door.
, the Commission may invite customs authorities to take appropriate measures to introduce such a registration of importation to subsequently be introduced to customs authorities from the date of customs registration.’
something big, but from us you didn't hear it from us. You didn't hear it from us, but you didn't hear it.
, thanks to the fact that you came here. I thank you for coming. I thank you for coming. I thank you for coming.
, Laura, I don't know how much more and more. It's Laura, I don't know how to go on.
, I'm pleased to recognize you. I'm pleased to see you. I'm pleased to see you. I'm pleased to see you. I'm pleased to see you. I'm pleased to know you.
, she wanted to discuss the rescue of 4,000 square miles of unpleasant Amazonian forests.
, but that is in itself a non-essential number given the positive impact on the planet that would be unanalgated by more.
, it's nice, and I'm very glad to be very happy, and I'm very glad to be very happy. It's nice, and I'm very much like it.
I foundation now restores the coral cliffs. It is now my foundation now. It restores the coral cliffs.
, or preserves sharks? Does the sharks save? Does it save? Does it protect sharks? Does it protect sharks? Does it protect sharks?
, it's a bit, both is great. It's a bit, both is great. It's a bit, both is great. It's a bit, both is great.
, but I need to speak with the ministers, but I need to speak with the ministerial. I need to speak with the ministerial. I need to speak with the ministerial.
how do you want to win Nobel, when you work with Chip Harding? Do you want to win the Nobel Guide, when you work with Chip Harding?
Chip wants to see you, that? Chip wants to be there, does he want to enjoy?? The Chip wants to be there, that he wants to be there?
? Russellle?? Russellle? Russell? Russellle???? Russell? Russell???
night, he was going to leave the house from the house of the night of murder, and he was burning out of the house.
, in part, and in the natural way, the natural part of the innermosts.
we have drug accusations here. We found 10 kilograms of drugs in the house. We found 10 kilograms of drugs. In the house we found 10 kilograms of drugs.
, your client avoided arrest arresting your client's arrest.
, that is the dispute, that is the dispute, the dispute, which is disputed. It is the dispute. It is the dispute. It is the dispute. It is the dispute. It is the dispute.
drugs were not visible, no reasons were to enter the house.
I Essex, we have Bodena I Essex in custody. We have Bodena I Essexe in custody. We have Bodena I Essexe in custody.
, I'm sorry, but it's not possible to do so. I'm sorry, but it's not possible. It's not possible. It's not possible. I'm sorry, but it's not possible.
I think that identification is lost time, I think the identification is loss of time. I think the identification is loss of time. I think the identification is lost.
. It's not remembered. It's a good idea to benefit her memory. It's a matter of memory. It's not worth mentioning. It's not possible to remember. It's worthy of her memory.
? Did you ask her to come downstairs? Do you ask her to come downstairs?
, it's unacceptable. It's unacceptable. It's unacceptable. It's unacceptable. It's unacceptable. It's unacceptable.
, honey, honey, gold, gold, golden, and golden, and golden, and gold.
what base in Manama? What about the base in Manám? What about the base in Manám?
, I don't know what you've done, but it's got out of it, but it's got it. I don't know what you've done there, but it's got it.
, stronger! I strongly! I strongly strongly! I strongly strongly! I strongly hope!
! Open the door! Open the door! Open the door!Tell the door!Tell the door open!Tell the door open!Tell the door!
? Courtney? Courtney? Courtyney? Courtype? Courtyney? Courtyney?
? Courtney? Courtney? Courtyney? Courtype? Courtyney? Courtyney?
? Courtney? Courtney? Courtyney? Courtype? Courtyney? Courtyney?
what is the problem?What is the problem?What is the problem?What is the problem?What is the problem? What is the problem?
, we're going to go home. We're going back home. We're going back home. We're going back. We're going back home.
, I don't understand. Maybe the party is somewhere else somewhere else. Maybe the party is going somewhere else.
, we'll attack the refrigerator on the refrigerator. It's a refrigerator to be attacked.
, in particular, Article 224 thereof, TFEU and Article 224 thereof.
Regulation (EC) No 2004/2003 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 November 2003 concerning the Statute and funding of political parties at European level ( OJ L 297, 15.11.2003, p. 1 ).
Decision 2004/2003 of the European Parliament of 29 March 2004 laying down detailed rules for implementing Regulation (EC) No 2004/2003 on the Statute and funding of political parties at European level ( OJ C 252, 3.10.2008, p. 1 ).
funds are intended to finance political foundations at European level.
1-24 — ENTERNMENTS AND ASISTENCI 4 2 2 2 Parliamentary assistancy 4 2 2 0 Parliamentary assistants Appropriations 2013 Appropriations 2012 Outturn 2011 Reserves (10 0)
Total Remarks Statute of Members of the European Parliament, and in particular Article 21 thereof, of the Statute of Members of the European Parliament, and in particular Article 21 thereof.
measures to implement the Statute of Members of the European Parliament, and in particular Articles 33 to 44 thereof, implementing measures to be implemented and Articles 33 to 44 of those implementing measures.
serving the Staff Regulations of other European Union staff, and in particular Articles 5a and 125 to 139 thereof, and in particular Articles 5a and 125 to 139 thereof.
implementing measures to be taken by the Bureau of the other servants of the European Communities adopted by the Bureau, implementing measures to VII of the Conditions of Employment of Other Servants of the European Communities adopted by the Bureau.
expenditure on parliamentary assistants is intended to cover expenditure on parliamentary assistants.
revenue amounts assigned under Article 21(3) of the Financial Regulation are estimated at EUR 400 000 000.
conditions for mobilising reserve Appropriations 2013 which are until the adoption of a decision of 1.7% of the adjustment of salaries in 2011, will be entered in the reserve, if the Court decides to the Commission’s benefit.
2 2 2 2 Courses Appropriations 2013 Appropriations 2012 Outturn 2011 Remarks This appropriation is intended to cover the losses to be paid from the budget of the European Parliament in accordance with the provisions applicable to the remuneration of expenditure on parliamentary assistance.
: CHAPTER 4 4 — SCHENSION AND ASTANCE AND POSLANCES AND B ⁇ VAL ⁇ CH POSLANC ⁇  4 4 0 Costs for meetings of former Members and other activities Appropriations 2013 Appropriations 2012 Outturn 2011 Remarks This appropriation is intended to cover the costs of the meetings of the former Members of the European Parliament, including any other costs associated with the associated costs.
4 4 2 Costs of meetings of the European Parliamentary Association and other activities Appropriations 2013 Appropriations 2012 Outturn 2011 Remarks This appropriation is intended to cover the costs of meetings of the European Parliamentary Association, including any other costs associated with them.
? Do you think you're gonna want to change your name? Do you think you're gonna want to change your name? Do you want to change your name ?? Do you want to change your name ??
... ...and... ...and... ...near... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...then... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and... ...and the... ...and... ...and the... ...when... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and the... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...then... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...
. Nothing else in the part if you do not want to do. If you do not want to do so.
I think you might like to give you my own name, I thought you might want me to give you my own.
or if you want, you can change the first part of you, or if you want to change your first part, you can change the first part.
I would name you Kingleys if I had to talk to you about what to do. I would name you, Kingsley, if I had to talk to you.
... I don't know... I don't know... Kingsley... I don't know... I don't know... I don't know the Kingsley... I don't know.
, maybe we'll be better keeping the Ned, we'll be keeping the Ned.
, it's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay.
I order you at least a few things for correspondence. I'll order you, in any event, some of the correspondence.
what you do, I ordered wine, and I ordered wine.
, please, he knows nothing about wine at all about wine. It's not really a matter of wine.
people say that they talk about man like this when people are jealous of it. But they hurt him anyway, they hurt people like this.
? Rapper? Rapper? Rapper? Rapper? Rapper? Rapper? Rapper? Rapper? Rapper?
he is a music producer now. He is a music producer now. He is a music producer now.He is a music producer now.He is a musical producer now.He is a musical producer now.He is a music producer now.
, there is a living in San Diego here in San Diego. It lives here in San Diego. It is living here in San Diego.
, even meeting us, we'd be meeting with the meeting, and we'd be meeting with the meeting.
, you, man, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, but not, you, you, man, not, no.
, you're kidding? Do you make fun? Do you make fun? Do you make fun? I'm kidding?
that guy's a huge businessman. The guy's a big businessman is a big businessman. It's a businessman. It's a big businessman.
, he invests in a company in San Diego for all the time. It invests in the company in San Diego for a whole time.
, we'll get money to get money ourselves, we'll get money ourselves, we'll get money ourselves.
, thanks to you, thanks to you, thanks to you, thanks to you, thanks to you, thanks to you. Thank you, Mr. Saviour, I will be happy to see you.
really want us to help out, do you really want to do us a favor?
ing someone looking for some golf action, send them our way. You hear someone looking for some golf action, send them our way.
, you know, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well.The well-being well.
, so well, so well, so well, so well, well, well so well, well, well-being well, so well. The well-being of the well-being of the well-being.
, keep the hub shut up, keep the hub shut up, and keep the bush up.
, however, it was behind the mask of something in motion: she heard the tiny mechanism as a conscience.
beds Care beds Accessories beds Mattresser Pol ⁇ tá ⁇  and blankets Rehabilitation aids Stocks Research light Line Line and Lights Multi-foot trucks Multi-foot wheelchair Accessories Seating 7xx Multi-footer trucks Class 9xx Multiple carrier ASIST 7xxx Voices Lines Credit boxes Cardiac chair Learning Learnings Carton Medical Products Medical Products Medical Products Medical Products Medical Products Medical Products Carton Manufacturers Manufacturers Manufacturers Manufacturers Manufacturers Manufacturers Manufacturers Manufacturers Manufacturers Manufacturers Manufacturers Manufacturers Manufacturers
multi-tech truck - ASSIST 72022 - ASSIST 7202 Wagon - ASSIST 72022
ASSIST 72022 ASSIST 72022 ASSIST 72022 ASSIST 72022 ASSIST 72022 ASSIST 72022
metal-coloured structure of a diameter of 80 mm, brake folding of non-referenced shelter, plastic insert clip of two drawers of 10 cm 4 large, 5 medium and 6 small plastic drawers is firmly linked to the carriage option of the colorful shade to convert the lockable option to fill the glass table part of plastic waste basket
 ⁇  x H x V: 70 x 50 x 165 cm x H x H x V: 70 x 50 x 165 cm x 165 cm
weight: 35 kg Nosnity: 50 kg Weight: 50 kg Weight: 35 kg NoS: 50 kg Weight: 50 kg Weight: 50 kg Weight: 50 kg Weight: 50 kg Of Weight: 50 kg
BatteryInstalled whether battery battery installed for this device.
: TRUE or FALSE.
TRUE means that battery is installed. The value of TRUE means that battery is installed.The value of TRUE means that battery is installed.
LowBatterySignal is determined whether the power supply signal the low battery state.
: TRUE or FALSE.
TRUE means that the power supply of low battery power is signalling the battery power value.
PowerFailSignal is determined whether the power supply signal the power supply is to signal the power supply.
: TRUE or FALSE.
TRUE means that the source of power supply signal the source signal the exhaustion.
MessageInterval is determined by the period between sending individual reports of informing users of power supply.
class Win32_PrintJob represents a press feature created in Win322.
, or a member of this class, all working units created by the Print command in applications launched in Win32 are all the objects or members of this class.
, directly into your asses, right into your backs.
! Now pull out of my bracket!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
, don't I, don't I, Daphne, tail with Ofsted??
... oh, I'm sorry... I'm sorry...
? what's going on with Ofsted? What's going on with Ofsted? What's going on with Ofsted? What's going on with Ofsted?
, here you have here you have here, you have here you have here, you have a heretic - here you have a heretic - here you have a lot of money, and here you have a lot of money.
is it beef and onion soup?  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  
, there was no caffee, but the coffee was not left.
, but from the better side, I found a few bribes, but I found a few bribes, but I found a few bribes. I found a few bribes.
I'm sorry you had to see it today. I'm sorry you had to see it today. I'm sorry you had to see it today. I'm sorry you had to see it today.
, he had to be pretty shocked for you. He had to be pretty shocked for you. He had to be pretty shocked for you.
, what, there, there, there, there, there, there? That way? That way, what, there? That way?
, it was nothing, it wasn't anything. It wasn't anything. It wasn't anything. It wasn't anything. It wasn't. It wasn't anything. It wasn't. It wasn't.
, in my past school, the fights on the day's day-to-day were the fights of the day.
, I'm afraid, here on the Greybridge, it can be twice a day, twice daily.
: Spa fires and dryness Answer from the Commission (4 October 2007) (4) October 2007)
, the Civil Code 18. Civil Code 18. The Civil Code 18. The Civil Code 18.
, that right applies to the surname, one or several names and pseudonym. This right applies to the surname, one or more names and pseudonym.
? Yeah!? yeah! Rancho Grande? Yeah! Yeah!
? Did you put her in her? Did you blend her? Did you blend her? You have it off her?
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
we also broke the sparks around the dangers around the side of the dirt.
, do you think we're magicians? Does we think we're magicians? We're magicians? We're magicians? We're magicians?
, don't any of the families of Grandi be blind, do you understand? If you don't know, there's no wickedness of Grandi family, you understand?
I just fucked the smoke in her clothes, it's all. how you said. I just said, how you said.
we prepared a good shaft to frighten her. We have prepared her to frighten her to get scared of her.
, I just hope it was enough to be enough. I hope it was enough to be enough.
, when he wake up, he thinks maybe something really happened something really happened.
, so well. It's for you it ends up with you. It's it ends for you. It's done for you. It's done for you. It ends with you. It ends with you.
what about our money?What about our money? What about our money?What about our money? What about our money? What about our money? What about our money?
, we didn't do it for fun, Uncle Joe. We didn't do it for fun, Uncle Joe.
, okay, okay, okay. Okay. They're okay, okay.
, without fear, fearless, fearless, fearlessly, the fear of fear, and the fear of fear, and the fear of fear.
I was one in a limited approach separation and I read something about some quite rare magic. I was one in a section with a limited approach and read somewhat rare magic.
, if I understood, Viteal, I was saying, I understood, the Viteal.
, what, please, please? What, please, please, please? What, please?
, the Viteal.Viteala Viteal.Viteala Viteal.Viteala Viteal.Viteal.Viteal.Viteal.Viteal.Viteals.
, and I didn't understand it exactly. I didn't understand it. I didn't understand it, and I didn't understand it. I didn't understand it. I didn't understand it.
, I don't know what you've read, but this is a lot of black magic, really black. I don't know what you've read, but it's a lot of black magic, really black.
Viteal is an object that someone has hidden part of his own soul.
, I don't understand how it works in practice, how it works in practice, I don't understand how it works in practice. I don't understand how it works in practice.
ing your soul and part of it you will hide your soul and part of it. You will hide your soul and hide part of it.
, if someone attacked you and destroyed your body, if someone attacked you, and destroyed your body.
? protected?? Chatted? Defendant? Defendant?
, the hidden part of the soul lives further, and the hidden part of the soul lives on, and the hidden part of the soul is still living.
, in other words, you cannot die, you cannot die, in other words, cannot die.
how can the soul be disagreeable, sir?
, they're murdered by the murder of the murder, murdering the murderer, killing them, and the murder of the murderers.
replies to readers on this questionnaire questionnaire replies to this questionnaire replies to readers on this questionnaire questionnaire to this questionnaire questionnaire replies on this questionnaire, on requesting the questionnaire to be readers
MUDr. Ella Traub Traub. MUDr. Ella Traub Traub. MUDr. Ella Traub. MUDr. Ella Traub Traubub Traubub.
lekarske rocues, NYC, aircraft seats.
I would have reported you to the personnel, but unfortunately, in this case, I am the one. I would have known you to the staff, but I am afraid in this case, but I am in this case, I am the one.
... Raji...I'm raising... Raji... Raji... Raji...I... Raji... Raji...
, if Eliza was, just say that it was Eliza, Eliza, it was Eliza, if it was Eliza, she was Eliza, and she was Eliza.
I can't break the principles of the crew's privacy. You're very convincing, but I can't break the principles of the privilege of the staff department's privileges.
is there an example of the staff department? Does she have a privilege? Does she have a privilege? There is a directment of the personnel department? Does she have a privilege?
, as an official of the staff department, I promise to provide a workplace with equal opportunities, without discrimination, harassment and discriminating of secret personal information.
, if I violate my lips and turn into dust, if I do so, they will dry my lips and make a change in dust.
, it sounds like it could be circumvented as if it could be circumvented. It sounds like it could be circumvented. It would be possible to circumvent it.
, forget it, be sure to do it.
, what, please, what, please, what, please, what? What, please, what?Please, please? What?Please, please? What?Please, please?
wasn't Eliza. It wasn't Eliza. It wasn't Eliza. It wasn't Eliza. It wasn't Eliza. It wasn't Eliza. It wasn't Eliza.
, damn it, the damn damn thing, the damn thing, the damnation of the damn thing.
, Elizo? Elizo? Elizo? Elizo? Elizo? Elizo? Elizo? The Elizo?
, do you have a pajamo wearing a pajamo? Do you have a pajamo? Do you have a pajamo on your pajamo? Does you have a pajamo?
you drinking a peach? Do you drink peaching? Do you drink peaching peaches? Do you drink peaches? Do you drink peaches?
were you sleeping with her? Did you sleep with her? Did you sleep with her? You slept with her? You slept with her? he slept with her?
Ah, you have a thing with prostitution, you have a thing with a prostitution.
, of course, not, of course, not that, not, of course, that not, not that, of course, that it is not.
, I'm going with you. I'm going with you. I'm going with you. I'm going with you. I'm going with you. I'm going to come with you.
, it was a massage with such a veal end. It was a massage with a kind of egg-sided end.
now it's more sad ending, it's more sadly ending. It's now it's a sad end. It's more sad end. It's a sad end.
I have tested 15 different masses in the past 5 years. I have experienced 15 different masses of masses. I have experienced 15 different masses in the past 5 years.
, my leg is doing well well, he's doing my leg well. He's doing my leg well. He's doing well. He's doing my leg well. He's doing well. He's doing my leg well.
, so you really think it's gonna be free to get massage from the prostitute you've been doing with?
, you don't mind the massage part, you're worried about the part of sex that's not happening anymore. You're not afraid of the massage part, you're worried about the part of sex that's not happening anymore.
, I know the perfect physical therapist therapist. I know the perfect physical therapist therapeutics. I know the perfect physical therapist.
, I'll give you her number her number, I'll give you her number her number. I'll give you her number. I'll give you her number. I'll give you her number.
why should I give up someone who is the most suitable for me, - for someone who might be suitable?
cause I asked you to do this. I asked you to do this. I asked you to do this. I asked you to do this. I asked you to do this.
, but that's not a argument, or yes? Does it not have any argument or yes? Does it not have any argument or yes? Does it have any argument or yes?
methods of analysis and diagnostic methods used for detecting and confirming the occurrence of bonaza (Bonnamic ostreae) and marteilias (Martelia refringens) in soft-currents in the case of abnormal angle and for the recognition of approved areas and approved by simple diseases are set out in the Annex.
Article 2 Decision 94/306/EC repeals Decision 94/306/EC is repealed.
references to the annulled decision shall be considered as references to this Decision.
Article 3 This Decision shall apply from 6 January 2003.
Article 4 This Decision is addressed to the Member States.
, in Brussels on 6 November 2002.2.2002, in Brussels on 6 November 2002.2.2.2002, in Brussels on 6 November 2002.2.
: David Byrne member of the Commission [1] OJ L 46, 19.2.1991, p. 1.1.2001, p. 1 .
, after World War II, Austria and Germany have become Republics, repealed nobility and all privileges and titles associated with it.
, for Austrian nationals, since then, the illegal use of all the noble titles has become illegal, the prohibition includes the use of such homes as ‘von’ or ‘zu’ as part of the surname.
, however, another approach was chosen in Germany: the existing titles, although they cannot be used as such, have become part of the surname, they go to all children and subject only changes associated with the child sex, if such element has male and female shape – for example F ⁇ rst (cross) and F ⁇ rstin (skin).
. I'm trying a new number tomorrow. I'm trying tomorrow's new number tomorrow. I'm trying to get a new number tomorrow. I'm trying tomorrow's new number. I'm trying tomorrow. I'm trying to get a new number.
, if you can skate, be here at noon, you can be able to skate, be here at noon. If you can skate, be here at noon.
? Keeney? A Keeney? Does Keeney? A Keeney? A Keeney? Does he mean, "Key?"
, there will be no more than a night before the evening. It will be not before the evening before it is evening. It will be not before it is evening.
, it will be the number of the program number to be on the program. It will be the number on the program. It will be the number on the program. It will be the number on the program.
, but he kills you, he kills you, but he kills you, he kills you. He kills you.He kills you.
, if you're good if you're good, if you're good, you're gonna be good if you're good.
, are you sure you can skate? Do you know that you can skate? Are you sure you can skate? If you can skate? If you can skate?
can crusate? Can I skate? Can I skate? Can I skate? I can skate? If I have a crushed into a brush?
, you said you could die, you said you could die, you said you were dying.
, sir. I really... I really... I really... I really... I really... I really... I am...
!, you, you, you, you!, you, you!!!You, you, you!!!You, you!!!!You!!!!You!!!!
, overseas, back, back, back, back, and back.
, go back there, Fan. The Fan.S. back there, Fan.
, honey, gold, golden, and golden, and golden, and golden.
technical documentation referred to in Annex III, in accordance with Annex III, the technical documentation referred to in Annex III.
technical documentation sets out the applicable requirements and the extent necessary for assessing the proposal, manufacture and operation of the OOP; (d) sample (samples) of the sample (samples)
, a representative for the planned production of production plan, representative for the planned production of the planned production.
, the notified body may request further samples if necessary for the implementation of the test programme.
sampling must be representative for the range of different users in individual OOP adaptations; for individual adapted OOP, representative sample samples must be representative for a range of different users;
(e) in individual adapted OOP description of the measures to be taken by the manufacturer during the installation and production process in order to ensure that every OOP conform to the approved type and with the applicable basic health and safety requirements.
? Michael? Michael?Michael?Michael?Mail?Michael?Mail?Mail?
? Harriet? Does Harriet? Does Harriet?Harriet? Does he have Harriet?
, Michael and Harriet, there's no time for the punching machine.
, you know, you know, you know, you're gonna be a bitter!
, God, Hollis!!! God, Hollis!!!Dear God, Hollis!
... not this... not that, not that... That's not-- That's not-- That's not-- That's not-- That's whatsoever, it's been a...
, he's rigid, he's rigid.He's a man who's got a lot of time.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
! Patty, let it! Let's go!! Let's go!
!! - No. - No! - No. No. Patty! - No! - No. Patty! - No.
! Howard, you bitch!!!! Howard, you bitch!
Patty, please, help me!!!!!!
, you know, you know, you know, you're gonna be a bitter!
, let him be, let him be, let him be, let him be him be, let him be! Let him be the same way!
Synthesis for 2004 4 1.3.3. The synthesis for 2004 4 1.3.3.
-functional framework created by synthesis for 2004 5 2 2nd year 2004 5 2.
key issues arising from the Annual Activity Report 5 2.1.2.1.
Total Overview 5 2.2.2.2. Overview 5 2.2.2.2. Overall Overview 5 2.2.2.2. Total Overview 5 2.2.2.
strengthening the annual activity reports 7 2.3. The strengthening of the annual activity reports 7 2.3.
synthetic report and statement of credibility 8 3rd. and the statement of assurance 8 3.
, the main cross-cutting issues arising from the Annual Activity Report and the Received Recommendations 9 3.1.
on 3.1.1. Questions 9 3.1.1.1. The questions of administration 9 3.1.1..1.
transition from compliance with standards to the effectiveness of internal controls 9 3.1.2.2.2. The transition to compliance with standards to the aim of the internal control efficiency of 9 3.1.2.2.2.
just kidding me, I just did fun. I was just kidding myself, I was just doing fun. I was just kidding myself. I was making fun. I was making fun.
, Jane! Jane! Jane! Jane Jane! Jane! Jane! Jane! Jane! Jane! Jane! Jane!
! Madam Home! Home!Madamies!Modelessly pets!
! Madam Home! Home!Madamies!Modelessly pets!
what happened with water? What happened to the water? What happened to the water? What happened to the water? What happened to the water?
not free water! Water is not free! Water is not free! Water is not free! Water is not free!
, you're pretty damn busy someone who's not paying rental.
, do you think it's a problem? Does it be a problem? Do you think it's a problem? It's a problem? It's a problem?
, from now on, no water on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. And Friday, no water on Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
, on Thursday and Saturday, and Saturday, the water was added to Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.
, Magorians! Magorians!Magorians!Magorians!Magorians!Magorians!Magorians!Magorians!
! Good morning, Mrs. Home!!Mrs. Home!Mrs!Mrs. Home!More!More!Members of the morning!
ing on your shop or let me burn your shop. Look at the rent or let me burn your shop.
what's funny here? What's funny here? What's funny? What's funny here is here? What's funny? What's funny? What's here is this here?
rents are no fun!! pay for renting is no fun!!The rental is no fun!
Viktor paused, and the viktor paused. He paused.
, the tiny, tired sniffing, accompanied by a dusot of the hoopyt.
, even the parties heard it, and they had gone off the battery. They heard the battery.
, the camínek released by the underlying boots.
someone approached the same way as Fontine came in.
, Viktor stepped back to the right and crouched on the edge of the pathway.
, quiet, quiet, quieto, quieto, quieto, quieto, quieto, quieto, quieto, quieto, and, as a result of the quietness of the quiet.
, then the figure appeared, not quite confident on the background of the dark forest hardly the metre before Victor.
if you enable this policy setting, remote assistance will be possible to offer to the users of the requested. If this policy is allowed, the remote assistance will be possible, the requested user will offer.
you can select from two options to provide remote assistance: Enabling helpers to view only computer or allow helpers remotely manage computer.You can select two options to provide remote assistance: to enable help the helpers to view only computer or allow helpers to remotely drive the computer.
, in addition to this selection, you can also identify the user or user groups that can offer remote assistance to this policy configuration, while configuring this policy setting.
is also described as assistants as assistants. They are also referred to as assistants. They are also referred to as assistants. They are also classified as assistants.
to configure the list of the helpers, click Show button. If you want to configure the list of helpers, click the View button.
that opens a new window where you can enter the names of the helpers. It will open the new window where you can enter the names of the assistants.
? Did you break up? Did you break down? Did you sink?
I went to break up with Lisa, I went to the Lisa, I went to break out with Lisa.
, just as the way, was a stupid idea of the idea of the stupidity of the idea.
, Dean, answer my question, to my question.
, you can calm down, I didn't drink anyone. I didn't drink anybody. I didn't drink anybody. I didn't drink anybody.
, thanks to God, thanks to God, to God, thanks to God's God, thanks to God's thanks to the God's God's thanks to the God's God's thanks to the God's God's thanks to the God's God's thanks to the God's God's sake of affectionate.
, Section A Samples 1 — Veterinary certificate for semen sent from the approved semen collection centre, from which semen come in Annex IV shall be replaced by the following:
‘Products 2 AVeterinary certificate for imports of consignments of ova and embryos and caprine animals EN Official Journal of the European Union L 252/s3 REPORT MEASURES APPROVICATION Since 1 July 2013, the method of reference to acts has changed.
new and existing method will be used during the transitional period. During the transitional period, the new and existing method will be used.
objectives should not be jeopardised by Member States which infringe its rules.
Article 41 of Regulation (EU) No 1380/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council ( 2 ) is a financial assistance from the European Maritime and Fisheries Fund (ENRF) conditional on compliance with the rules of the CRP by Member States.
failure to comply with the rules of the CRP Member States may result in interruptions or suspension of payments or financial corrections of Union financial assistance granted under the SRP.
Article 83(1) of Regulation (EU) No 1303/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council ( 3 ) are laid down the conditions under which the suspension of payments can be imposed and Article 142(1) of that regulation is suspended.
, in the context of failure to comply with the rules under the CRP, specific rules for the ENRF may lay down specific grounds for interruptions and suspending payments.
, in order to protect the financial interests of the Union and its taxpayers, in the event that the Member State has failed to fulfil its obligations under the CRP or where the Commission has evidence indicating that such failure, the Commission has the possibility to interrupt payment time under Article 100 of Regulation (EU) No 508/2014.
, in addition to the breakdown of payment deadlines and in order to avoid the risk of payment of uneasy expenditure, the Commission may, in the event of serious failure to comply with the SRP rules in accordance with Article 101 of Regulation (EU) No 508/2014, suspend payments.
financial consequences of sanctions imposed on Member States, unless they comply with the rules of the CRP, should be proportionate to the nature, gravity, duration and reliance on the rules.
, in order to ensure legal certainty for Member States implementing operational programmes under the ENRF, cases of failure to comply with the CRP rules essential to maintain marine biological resources which may result in interrupting payment time or suspending payments are required in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 508/2014.
, even if all other penalties imposed by the SRP rules are affected, these cases will be used for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No 508/2014 and the implementation of Article 41 of Regulation (EU) No 1380/2013.
failure to comply with the rules of the CRP, which are essential to maintain the conservation of biological marine resources, should be considered serious if the Member State has not taken the necessary measures to remedy the situation which led to the interruption of the payment period.
, before interrupting or suspending payments, the Commission must adopt implementing acts under Article 100(2) and Article 101(2) of Regulation (EU) No 508/2014, which further specify the failure to fulfil obligations under the CRP of a Member State which may have an effect on expenditure for which the interim payment is required.
, since it is important to ensure uniform and equal treatment of economic operators in all Member States from the beginning of the programming period, this Regulation should enter into force on the first day following the publication in the Official Journal of the European Union , HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION:
Article 1 The consequences of failure to comply with the rules Annex to this Regulation are set out in cases of failure to fulfil the obligations of a Member State within the framework of the SRP which may lead to a breakdown of payment periods relating to an application for a continuous payment pursuant to Article 100 of Regulation (EU) No 508/2014.
, you don't need a lot of money, you don't need a donkey, you don't need a donkey.
? Adam??Adame??Adame?Adame??Adame??Adame??Adame??Adame?
, I'm sorry, my God, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
, it's good to be good, it's good that's good, it's good, it's good. It's a good thing to do this. It's a good thing to do.
, we're in this way together, together with us, we're in this one, together, we're in this, together. We're together. We're in this way. We're together.
I would say it's time to get to the vaccine for the vaccine. I'd say it's time to get to get them to the vaccine.
, the Interior Minister spoke this morning about the need to maintain calm, after having been notified at least one dead and several other patients in critical condition of disease in the wake of the evidence of the gold staphylococco.
hundred people were given to quarantine, but there is concern that bacteria enlarged between populations.
health facilities were forced to issue a list of symptoms to which the public should be careful.
symptoms of similar influenza, difficulty breathing, joint pain, increased temperature, dizziness...
, you must go with me to go with me, you must go with me, you must go with me, with me, you must go with me.
, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay. I'm okay. I'm okay. I'm okay.
I'll be okay, really, really, I'll be okay, really. I'll be okay, really. I'll be okay, really. I'll be okay, really.
, you must do the insulation, you must do it in isolation. You must do so, you must in the insulation. You must do so to insulation.
, I'm not anything else is nothing to do with my own, I'm not wearing anything. It's not my own. It's not my fault.
aren't anything to you anything? Are you interested in something? Does it not you have anything to do with you?
, let your eyes closed. - Don't cheer up. - Don't cheer. Don't cheat. Don't cheat. Don't cheat. Don't cheat.
, I don't look at myself. I don't look at myself. I don't look at myself. I don't look at the side of the dock. I don't look. I don't look at it.
, you're going to the railing barley. The outlet's approach to the railing.
? Do you believe me? Do you believe me?
, I believe I believe I believe I believe, I believe, I believe, I believe, I believe, I believe, I believe, in faithfulness, I believe.
, and now it's open to the open right now, and now it's open to the open. It's open now. It's open. It's open now.
: Freedom of speech Answer from the Commission (22 July 2011)
, the Commission shall define the content of the quality report, as well as the quality criteria for drawing up and disseminating data in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 7(3), 3.
Article 5 Transfer of data 1. The transfer of data 1. Article 5 Transfer of data 1.
Member State shall provide the Commission (Eurostat) verified data and meta data referred to in this Regulation, in particular at the beginning of each decade.
, who likes the 2nd world, he will like Hogan's Heroes. So who likes the 2nd World, he will like Hogan's Heroes.
, not like this, I really do have what I wanted. I have what I wanted.
...Mel, what... what? What?Me, what... What?Me, mel, what... What?? I... ...washer... ...and... ...and the meal... ...and the meal... ...and the... ...and the meal... ...and the meal... ...and the meal... ...and the meal... ...and the meal... ...and the meal... ...and the meal... ...and the meal... ...and the... ...and the meal... ...and the... ...and the meal... ...and... ...and the me... ...and... ...and the me... ...the... ...and... ...and... ...the... ...and... ...and... ...the... ...and the me... ...and the me... ...the... ...and the me... ...and the me... ...was... ...and... ...and... ...was... ...and... ...while... ...while... ...and the me... ...while... ...while... ...and the me... ...and the me... ...while... ...was... ...while... ...was... ...and the me... ...while... ...was... ...while... ...which... ...while... ...was... ...was... ...which... ...while... ...was... ...which... ...while... ...was... ...was... ...while...
I thought you were a maker. I thought you were a maker, you were a maker. I thought you were a maker.
I am also Jewish Jewish too. I am also Jewish Jewish too Jewish. I am also Jewish. I am also Jewish. I am also Jewish. I am Jewish. I am Jewish.
, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing. It's the same. It's the same. It's the same. It's the same. It's the same.
, thanks to the thanks to the thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanks. Thanks to the thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanksgiving thanks to the thanksgeneral.
, thanks to the thanks to the thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanks. Thanks to the thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanksgiving thanks to the thanksgeneral.
, you're not the beginning of it. It's not the beginning. It's not the beginning of it. It's not the beginning of it. It's not really a start. It's not really a start.
! hey, what I found. I found! Bob! Hey, what I found. I found.
, you know, you're gonna be a good one, you're gonna be a good one. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey.He's been a bitter, hello, you're gonna be wearing a pair of pit-floor.
, you know, you're gonna be a good one, you're gonna be a good one. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey.He's been a bitter, hello, you're gonna be wearing a pair of pit-floor.
, this television critic, he doesn't want to hurt anyone. I don't want to hurt anyone.
, let it be left, let it let it let it happen, let it let it happen. Let it be left. It let it. Let it be possible to leave it.
, see this here, you see it here? Here, here, here, you see it here? Here, here, you see it here? Here, here, here, you see this here?
, in the context of Franklin, but she was not so sure about the fact that she was not so sure about Franklin.
, they were also a few scary notes, watching the oval swimming pool of the great fish and the whine.
Note 3 Amendment A16:2007 to EN 60730-1:2000 Note 3 Cenelec EN 60730-2-5:1995 Automatic electrical management equipment for household and similar purposes — Part 2: Particular requirements for electric shocks (IEC 60730-2-5:1993 (Modified))
: Hey, you've been calling Tim, Lou, Simone, Charlium, Dawn and Petrovi.
, neither of us is present here nor one of us is present. It is not present. It is not present either of us.
, let us get a message, we'll like to hear her when we're back.
?Mommy?Mommy?Mommy?Mommy? Mum?Mom?Mom?Mom?Mom?Mom?Mom?Mom?Mom?Mom?
, Mom, get up, you're getting up. Get up, Mom, get up.
11 is a 11-hour. It is 11 a holidays. It is 11 a holidays. It is a 11-hour. It is a holidays. It is a 11-hour.
, Uncle Jack called Jack's uncle, calling his uncle Jack. He called crying for Uncle Jack.
, he asked if we got money, if we got money.He asked if we got money.
, he wants you to call him back to call him back.He wants you to call him back to call him back.He wants you to call him back.
don't you have to go to school? Do you have to go to school? Do you have to go to school? Do you have to go to school? Doesn't you have to go to school?
, it's Saturday's Saturday. It's Saturday. It's Saturday. It's Saturday. It's Saturday. It's Saturday. It's Saturday. It's Saturday. It's Saturday. It's Saturday.
, and even so you promised that we would go today today.
? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where?May the campsite is, is it?
, you promised you'd promised you'd promised you'd promised you'd love to promise. You promised you. You promised. You promised.You promised.
just this time just this time, this time, this time, this time, just this time, this time, this time, this time, this time, this time, the only thing that is to say, is the one that is the one that is.
, he needed it now and she could not be with him. She could not be with him.
Glen gave them very clearly that their distribution is one of the conditions for keeping them in service.
, though they had time to discuss who he should choose to take for his new partner, and Captain Burns seemed to them as the right choice.
, the fisherman thought of what her partner might be.
, perhaps, some ex-gold government, rather muscles than brain and with minimum ethical principles, will be some ex-gold government-government ruling.
, you found a lot in the Watchdog in the Watchdog.You found a lot of such a kind in Watchdog.
, she went, looking out, trying to capture the essence of her new impressions.
, in the lower Toro, she had never worked, but it was apparently a rapidly developing middle class-class middle class family traders so much established that they were already aristocratice all except blood and birth.
, when they were rude, they had a little naked in every political fire, and as a class they had ethical curtains of the feeding shark.
, as they had reached the top, their efforts were to be the only way they had remained before them, and their eyes turned to Aristocracy.
even in Haven could look at the poorest nobletic to the rich traders of the spatra.
, in the past, the richest coupe families have contracted marriage with poorer shoots of Aristocracy and were willing to pay family debts exchange for the addition or accruing between the nobility.
Article 2 The texts of Regulation (EU) No 214/2014 in the Icelandic and Norwegian languages to be published in the EEA Supplement to the Official Journal of the European Union shall be valid.
Article 3 This Decision shall enter into force on 26 September 2014, provided that all the notifications under Article 103(1) of the EEA Agreement ( 2 ) are made pursuant to Article 103(1) of the EEA Agreement ( 2 ) .
Article 4 This Decision shall be published in the EEA Section and in the EEA Supplement to the Official Journal of the European Union .
, in Brussels on 25 September 2014, in Brussels on 25 September 2014.
if the 10-year limitation period should start running until the transfer of APSA vaccines to the Ministry of Health, it would have to be determined for the precise moment of selling the APMSD to the healthcare department to determine the date of the start of the limitation period.
, regardless of whether, in the event of a limitation period for APSA, the application for APMSD should be interrupted by the application of an action against APSA on 16 October 2002, before the expiry of the 10-year period, if the sale of the Ministry of Health referred to in circulation was initiated on 16 October 1992 .
, even if it could no longer be possible to find out the precise moment of selling the vaccine to the Ministry of Health, and it could be only possible to define the period between 22 September 1992 – the date of receipt of vaccines in APMSD – and on 3 November 1992 – the vaccination of the opponent – the initiation of proceedings against APSA on 16 October 2002 would be interrupted in any event for the limitation period.
, if APSA would have to be silent, it would also have to prove the moment of putting the vaccine into circulation ( 38 ) .
, if APSA could only define this moment as a certain period beginning over ten years before the application, but ends less than ten years before it, APSA would not only be a burden of proof but also a proof of identification of the precise time of the start of the limitation period. ( 39 )
, even if it was not intended to be precise momentarily placed in circulation, the court proceedings on 16 October 2002 would be initiated in any event in time and therefore the effects of the interruption of the limitation period should therefore be affected.
just why I'm just wondering why I'm just wondering why I'm just wondering why I'm going to see why I'm being happy.
, not, it's real tears. I'm gonna note them. I'm not sure. It's real tears. It's a real tears. I'm gonna know them.
I cry more than the born child. I cry more than I was born, as the child born. I cry more, as I was born. I crying more, as the child born.
, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, who're gonna be a guy who's got a guy.
, I was a beaten... ...I was a wicked... ...I was a wicked... ...I was a wicked... ...and I was a wicked... ...and I was a wicked... ...and I was a wicked... ...a... ...a scholar of... ...and I was a wicked... ...and a... ...and a... ...and a... ...a wicked... ...and-when I was... ...after... ...after I was a... ...a... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...was... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...my... ...was... ...my... ...was... ...was... ...my... ...was... ...was... ...was a wicked... ...was a wicked... ...my... ...my... ...was a wicked... ...was... ...was a wicked... ...was a wicked...
... ...the jamaal. ...the coated, smiled... ...butted... ...the... ...butted... ...they... ...they laundry... ...they laugh... ...they laugh...
, a lot of times a lot of times short times, a lot of times short times short times, a lot of shortly, a lot of shortly, a lot of shortly, and a lot of times.
, you're laughing at me, you're laughing at me again. You're already laughing at me.
I played more games and competitions... ... against Clyd, as I can remember at all. I played more games and competitions. I played more games and competitions... ...on the way I can remember Clyd.
, I still count 3 459 and I still count them and I still count them, and I count them 3 459 and I still count.
, I thank you, Clyde. I thank you, Clyde.
I thought I was a poor fellow. I thought I was a poor fellow. I thought I was a poor fellow. I thought I was a poor fellow.
I went away... ...and changed so that I thought I was a winner. I went away... ...and I went to change my way to think I was a winner.
, you were hard on your brother's brother. You were tough on your brother's brother. You were tough to be your brother.
: dress, car, woman from reality sha... a woman from a real estate sh...
ing the impact or fall of the apparatus. Turn off the impact or the fall of the apparatus.
. Loading of the folder (Hotovo: %d%%)...
%s wrote in %s Report:%s...
, you have no rules on this moment. You have no rules on the right moment. You have no rules on this moment. You have no rules. You have no right to turn on.
If the option is to be used functional, you must create a rule for messages or blocked sender or turn-on support filtering unsolicited mail.
, you have no rules on this moment. You have no rules on the right moment. You have no rules on this moment. You have no rules. You have no right to turn on.
If the option is to be used functional, you must create a rule for discussion or blocked sender.
attempted change in the storage file was denied access.
checking whether you have the right to write, and check the file control program ScanDisk file.
%s was added to the list of blocked sender mailbox.The consignor of %s was added to the list of blocked consignments.
reports from this consignee will be blocked by the poster.The other reports will be blocked from this consignor will be blocked.
now you wish to delete all the messages from this consignor from the current folder? Do you wish to delete all the messages from this consignor?
ed posters were added to the list of blocked sender mailboxes.
reports from these consignments will be blocked from these consignments.The other reports will be blocked from these consignments will be blocked.
now you wish to delete all the messages from these consignments from current ingredients? Do you want to delete all the messages from these consignments from the current folder?
ing messages from the selected consignor... ...to remove the messages from the selected consignor... ...to remove the messages from the selected consignor... ...to the...
Member States concerned shall require submission of confirmatory information on: stability in storage and the nature of residues in processed products, exposure to surface and groundwater exposures in respect of ftalic acid, risk assessment for aquatic organisms in terms of fic acid, phaltaladehyde and 1.2 benzenedimethanol.
Member States concerned shall ensure that the applicant submit such information to the Commission by 31 May 2013.
1 June 2011 31 May 2021 PART A Only uses as akaricidd may be authorised only on 31 May 2011 can be used as a caicidal.
B For the implementation of uniform principles under Article 29(6) of Regulation (EC) No 1107/2009, the conclusions of the review report on hexythiazox, and in particular Appendices I and II thereof, finalised by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health on 11 March 2011.
Member States must pay particular attention to this overall assessment: the protection of water organisms.
conditions of authorisation shall include, where necessary, measures to mitigate risks, safety of servants and workers.
conditions of use must include safeguard measures, if necessary, to include safeguard measures.
(c) possible adverse reactions of hexythiazox for bees of fruit; (c) possible adverse reactions; (c) possible adverse reactions of hexythiazox for bees of fruit;
(d) the possible impact of preferential distribution and/or conversion of mixtures of isomers on risk assessment for workers, consumers and the environment.
Member States concerned shall ensure that the applicant submit to the Commission the information referred to in points (a), (b) and (c) until 31 May 2013 and the information referred to in point (d) within two years of receipt of specific guidelines.
-difluoro- ⁇ -(1 H-1,2,4-2,4-difluoro- ⁇ -(1 H-1,2,4-triazole-1-yl)benzhydryl alcohol  ⁇  920 g/kg (recipate)
relevance: dimethyl sulphate: maximum content of 0,1 g/kg dimethylformamide: maximum content of 1 g/kg methanol: maximum content of 1 g/kg 1 June 2011 31 May 2021 PART A Only uses as fungicide may be allowed.
B For the implementation of uniform principles under Article 29(6) of Regulation (EC) No 1107/2009, the conclusions of the review report on flutriafol, and in particular Appendices I and II thereof, finalised by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health on 11 March 2011.
Member States must pay particular attention to the protection of workers and ensure that, in the conditions of use, use of adequate personal protective means should be paid to particular attention to the protection of groundwater, if this active substance is used in areas with sensitive soil and/or climate conditions, pay particular attention to the long-term risk for insects.
, it'll be nice when the cups dissolves the meal. It's gonna be nice when the cups dissolve.
, Paris caught the elderly guy. The Paris was caught by the old guy.
I love the elder guys. I love the elderly guys. I love the elderly guys. I love the elderly guys. I love the guys. I love the elderly guys.
I'm being taken into the best restaurants. They take me to the best restaurants. They take me to the best restaurants. They take me to the best restaurants. They take me to the best restaurants.
now on the conference to Denver, he went to Denver's conference to Denver.
, he was so kind of very happy that I was going to Florida's ride in Florida.
, it thinks it's good when I'm with my age's people when I'm with my age. It thinks it's good when I'm with people of my age.
I was hoping to invite me to go with him to Denver, and I was hoping to go to Denver to go to Denver, and to go to Denver with him, to go to Denver, and to go to Denver,
, but you know, he didn't want to, you know, he didn't want to, but he didn't want to, you know, he didn't want to.
, maybe he wants me to let me leave. Maybe he wants to let me leave me. It's probably wanting to let me leave. It's gonna be easy to leave me.
buys jewels? Does the jewelry buy you your jewellery?
, he never bought me jewelry jewelry. He never bought me my jewellery. He never bought me my jewellery.
how much money has money?What's the money?What's the money?What's the money?What's the money?
is not rich in Asher's not rich. It's not rich. Asher's not rich. Asher's not rich. It's not rich. It's not rich.
not it?  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  
: Wait in the car, son. , , ,Haynes took the room with his complication Terry Poghem , and the Poghem ,
, which was used to escape, was found on the farm, where another vehicle was stolen in the morning, was a vehicle that was stolen, a vehicle that was used to escape was found on the farm, where the morning was stoleno another vehicle, a vehicle, a vehicle, a vehicle, a vehicle, a vehicle, a vehicle, a vehicle that was stolen, and a car.
, if you need something bad, you don't have it, you borrow it. But if you don't have something bad to do with it, you borrow it.
ing roads and start a new one. They're going to grow up and start a new road and start a new one.
if someone knows the road, it's Red. If someone knows the road, it's Red.
, I'm Robert Haynes. Everyone tells me Butch. I'm Robert Haynes. Everyone tells me Butch.
, they said, but it was a bordel, but it was a bordel, but it was the bordel.
we lived there there, we lived there, we lived there there, we lived there. We lived there there. We lived there. We lived there. We lived there. We lived there. We lived there.
didn't they send him to the passage? Does they not send him to the passage? Does they not send him to the passage?
I had 3 years' delay, but I got it, but I got it. I had 3 years' delay, but I got it, but I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it.
I saw Ford coupé and took him to the trip. I saw him on a trip.
, I thought it was my thought. I thought this was what I thought.
, the judge attacked me for four years in the hardest passage in Gatesville in Texas.
! damn it! Damn it! Damn it! Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!
, because I run, they're going to me. I can go north, south, east or west.
Vylaer Spiromax 160 micrograms/4.5 microgram powder, inhalation powder for inhalation of micrograms, 160 micrograms/4.5 microgram, powder for inhalation of inhalation
(budesonide/formoteroli fumaras dihydricus) (budesonide/formoteroli fumaras dihydricus)
information carefully all the package leaflet before you start taking this medicine because it contains important information for you.
.Please pack leaflet for the case that you need to read it again, you need to read it again.
, if you have any further questions, ask your doctor, pharmacist or nurse. If you have any other questions, ask your doctor, ask your doctor, pharmacist or nurse.
, this medicine has been prescribed exclusively to you. This medicine has been prescribed only to you.
, don't give it to any other person. Don't give it to any other person. Don't use it to any other person.
, if the same signs of disease such as you might have hurt her, he could hurt her, even if he had the same signs of illness as you.
if you get any side effects, tell your doctor, pharmacist or nurse. If you get any of the side effects, you will tell your doctor, pharmacist or nurse.
wise, apply to any adverse reactions that are not listed in this leaflet.
, see section 4. See section 4. See section 4. See section 4. See section 4. See section 4. See section 4. See section 4. See section 4. See section 4. See section 4. See section 4. See section 4.
, this aid does not take into account further reductions in the tariff resulting from bilateral trade agreements with Latin America countries.
, IV, IV, IV, the IV, IV, IV, is the case, which is, by the way of IV.
The Court recommends that the Commission reiterate considering whether, in view of the findings of the European added value, BNI projects should finance the BNI budget from the research budget.
programming objectives should be clear and realistic.The programme objectives should also be clear and realistic.
, the Commission should consider what is to be used by resources of additional funding to be achieved and if it considers that synergies can be created to make better use of EU funds should take the necessary steps.
1st introduction 1. Introduction 1. Introduction 1. Introduction 1. Introduction 1. Introduction 1. Introduction 1. Introduction 1. Introduction 1. Introduction 1. Introduction 1.
, we believe that recital clearly confirms that, for the applicability of Article 2 of the Regulation (IDEND) is sufficient to have the defendant resides in a Member State bound by this Regulation, so that the dispute at issue refers to one Member State of the Community.
, therefore, it is not too important that the dispute at issue does not show any other Member State or that relationship refers to the third State.
, there are three, sometimes there are three there, sometimes there are three there are three.There are sometimes three.There are three.There are sometimes there are three.
!  ⁇ éf, give me your weight of the storm.  ⁇ Hey, you're lucky enough to get me a ball.  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇ 
, of course, of course, citizen, Citizen, of course, civic.
I must say that he had me over my back, totally fanatically, but the pain told me to rule it once and with the old Tupon had ordered it.
, I severed the ramp on his right merger in the upnutched stiffs and cut off five valves of the substance, and jumped the bitter drops and Tupon began to be just now really lunatic.
, while the hau ⁇  ha ⁇ h ⁇  ha ⁇ h ⁇ h ⁇  as a dog, I tried the same style as Ji ⁇ ík, all the one move—the up, jump to him and cut-and felt the rhinse had gone pretty deep into Tupon's wrist and he dropped his read-hunte queen and screamed like a slow baby.
something's missing something, there's something missing here, something's missing here, something's missing here, something's missing. It's missing. It's not really enough to get a bit of a kind.
, let it be, let it be left, let it be left, let it be the one that is, let it be, let it be.
?What should I let my be? I have to leave my ears? I have to leave? I have to leave the waiting? I have to leave my ears?
you're drunk. you start screaming! Get drunk! Get drunk! Get off! Get drunk! Get off! Get off! Get off! Get off! Get off!
, they will come all of them. They shall come all. They shall come all. They shall come all. They shall come all.
, not, but, not, but, in the absence of a No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
more, the better, the better the better it is. The more the better the better. The more, the more, the better. The better. The more the better.
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
, people, go through a list of songs, I added one song for tonight.
, this is my friend Savannah. It's my friend Savannah. It's my friend Savannah. It's my friend Savannah.
, you know, you're gonna be a good one, you're gonna be a good one. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey.He's been a bitter, hello, you're gonna be wearing a pair of pit-floor.
, you know, you're gonna be a good one, you're gonna be a good one. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey.He's been a bitter, hello, you're gonna be wearing a pair of pit-floor.
!We can still get to our cars!!We can still get to our cars!We can still get to our cars!We can still get to our cars!
, let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!
, we don't know any of the things that are expanded. We don't know anyhow it's extended. It's an extended range of things.
, safer is in the inside!! The safer is in the inside! It's safer in the inside! It's safer in the inside!
where is Lisa? Where is Lisa? Where is Lisa? Where is Lisa? Where is Lisa? Where is Lisa? Where is Lisa? Where is Lisa? Does the Lisa?
, I think it's in the pool with the pool. I think it's in the pool. I think it's at the pool. I think it's at the pool.
, you'll take Jen. Take Jen. Just take Jen. Take Yen. Take Yen. Take Jen. Take Jen. Take Yen. It's a lot of time to get married.
you take her inside! Take her inside! Take her inside! Take her inside! Take her inside! Take her inside! Take her inside!
, all right, just inside the door, right inside! Everybody in right now! Everybody inside right inside right now!
, let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!
, you'll be all about them. Just worry about them. Just worry about them.
I have to go for Lisa for Lisa. I have to go for Lisa. I have to go for Lisa. I have to go for Lisa. I have to go for Lisa. I have to go for Lisa. I have to go for Lisa.
, move, move, move, move, move, move, move.
! Come on!! Come on! Come on!!! Come on!! Come on!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
, the gashes of the gas chlorine. The gashes of the gas chlorine chlorine.
, when I tell you my whole story, everything starts to be crystal clear.
I found out that my parents were ... my parents were... ...I found that my parents were my parents were... ...was my parents were my parents were... ...to be my parents were... ...to be my parents were... ...then they were my parents... ...then I had been born to the parents of my parents...
, all went well until he started to ... and then we were the same: "never" and that was the same: "you must" and I was like ...
, Gallahxar ends with Gallahxar ends. It ends. It ends. Gallahxar ends. It ends.
, you know, brown code, because I need new trousers. I need new trousers.
Gallahxar tells you to pass the prisoners. Gallahxar tells you to transmit the prisoners.
, you know, Bach! Baha!! Baha!! Baha!! Baha!! Baha!
, let's see, you're talking about the Wau, give a bunch.
all aliens, destroy all monsters, destroy all the monsters, all aliens, destroy all the monsters.
, you want to get you to get get the way you want to get? So you want to get you, you want to get? Do you want to get?
if you want to hurt my friend, you'll have to get the front edge of me first. If you want to hurt my friend, you're going to have to get my boyfriend, you'll have to get the front of me.
. Hexadecimal color code system. Hexadecimal color code system. Hexadecimal color code. Hexadecimal color system. Hexadecimal color system. Hexadecimal color code.
, it will take a moment, but just a moment, just a moment, but just a moment, just a moment, it will take, but just a moment.
, you know, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well.The well-being well.
you give me this. Give me it! Give me it! Give me it! Give me it! Give me it! Give me it! Give me it! Give me it! Give me it! Give me this!
, it would be nice to be nice. It would be nice. It would be nice. It would be nice. It would be nice. It would be nice. It would be nice.
, bore. Tref. Tref. Tref. Tref. Tref. Tref. Tref. Tref. Tref. Tref. Trous. The boredom of the Trouser, and the Tref.
, you should stay in the car you should stay in the car.You should stay in the car.You should stay in the car.You should stay in the car.
, do you want me to be there there, do you want me to be there? If I'm there, I'm gonna be there, do you want me there?
, you're going to be a good one. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on.Tell yourselves to the runner.
! Give me this! Give me it to me! Give me this. Give me this.
? why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why?Processing?Processing?
you should try the fun instead of the seriousness to try out the fun.You should try the place of the seriousness to try the fun.
, it's important to remain positive. As he himself said it. As he himself said it. It's important to remain positive. As he himself said it. As he himself said it.
, I don't know. I don't know. It's a fuck I don't know. It's a fuckin' I don't care. It's a fuckin' I don't care.
! You say I'm still going to be evil and dark and now I'm not happy?
! There's there! There's there! There's there! There's there! There's this there! There's this there! There's this there! There's this there! There's this! There's this! There's a there!
I had no hunger before, but the thirsty, but I had no hunger before, but I had no hunger, but I was thirsty.
you leave him here here. You leave him here here. You leave him here here. You leave him here here. You leave him here. You leave him here.
, I like it, I like it, I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it.
, it's comfortable, it's comfortable, it's comfortable, comfortable. It's a comfortable stay. It's a comfortable. It's a comfortable. It's a comfortable one.
I'm glad. But it's stolen, so it's better to get rid of it. It's a better way to get rid of it.
how long will you continue, Eddie? How long will you continue, Eddie? How long will you continue, Eddie continue?
you are a terrible fight about you kids. They are really fighting for you, kids are really afraid of you.
And you go all nights to fly around the town, and you go all nights to fly around the town.
: Lucill, God gave me talent. The Lord gave me talent.
, I can handle the shovel without being treated with the shovel, and I can handle the shovel without being treated with the shovel.
... I just want just... I just want to... I just want to... I want just... Just want to... I want to... Just want to... I want to... Just want to... Just want to...
you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right, you're gonna get rid of the truth.
I believe in you, dad, daddy, I believe in you, dad. I believe in you, dad. I believe in you, dad.
, Roland, don't support my dad in that dad.
I was innocent, but the church decided to move me to move me.
, they said it would be easier for all. When the farming of the new church found out why I was moved, they weren't happy.
, you wanted to know why I was so much moving and I told you this.
, you're a little pimp, a little bit of a pendant, a little bit of a kind of chinese.
, what's a friend who has two tickets on Brubek in Blue Notes? I thought you planned orgy. I was lying.
, there's a staff, Cuddy's Cuddy's. It's a staff, and there's a staff, Cuddy.
I say you're an addict. I say you're afraid of being afraid of. I say you're afraid of yourself. I say you're afraid of yourself.
, you know, what? What? What? What? What? What? Do you know what? What? What? What? What? What? Do you know? What?May you know?
, I want to end his flight, I want to terminate his escape. I want to terminate his escape. I want to terminate his escape. I want to terminate his escape.
, House doesn't want anyone from us. He wants this. It wants to leave any of us. He wants to do this.
. Super. It's superior that he's bothering children? Does children? It's superior. It's superior. It's superior to the children? It's superior to the children?
, the priest is not believed in God in the priest, in God. It is that the priest is not believed in God.
, the superior is that God did the same thing what he did to the child.
? - Does it have innocent eyes? Does he have innocent eyes? Does he have innocent eyes?
, your dad always scared me to death for my daddy always scared me for death.
, however, he never so scared you not to go to the house in 3 hours in the morning. However, he never did you to get to us in the 3-hour morning.
I didn't know if I punish you, or do you a lavender to do you, or I didn't know how to punish you, or to make you a lavender.
! hey, hey! hey! hey! hey! hey! hey! hey! hey! hey! hey! hey! hey! hey! hey! hey!
Hah ha ha ha! In half dinner I told Claire that when she had a taste of my mom one to pull my hand, I had to press my hand instead.
, the doctor had to cut my wedding ring down my dream ring, and the dream ring had to be cut off.
, Claire, remembering how we went to school and we went out to it? We went to the molo?
!We played the game and you won the game... ...and you won the... ...and you won the game... ...and you won the game... ...and you won the... ...and you won the...
! Imberian pand!! The huge panduminaire!
, I think we have eaten more... ...and we have eaten more... ...and I think we have eaten our dinner... ...and we have eaten.
I think I should go out now. I should probably go out now, I should probably go out now. I should probably go out now. I should probably go out. I should go out.
I have one contract in the morning. I have a celebritus. I have a celebration cerebrity. I have a contract at the morning. I have a celebration cerebrity.
not to ask what, but if I had gone down, it would be a good Risk.
, you know what hurt me more? What's hurt me more? Do you know what hurt me more? What's hurt me more? What's bothers me?
? I thought my mother loved me, my mother, I thought she loved me, I thought she loved me, like, my mother, I was like to love me.
— Reason — Obligation — Content — Decision on the application of the rules of competition — Heading of the failure to state reasons during the course of judicial proceedings — Inadmissibility — Additional indications to supplement the grounds already sufficient and to reply to the arguments of the applicant — Admissibility (Arts 81 EC, 82 EC and 230 EC; Council Regulation No 1/2003, Art. 2) 5.
I will want to remove you from tomorrow, to remove you from being removed.
don't it okay? Do you mind? Do it bother? Do it bother? Do it bother? Does it bother? Does it bother? Does it bother?
, the time, and the time.  ⁇ s time.  ⁇ We're doing so.  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  
ing on the bouquet of the Church of Good consciousness.
would you like to help us? Would you like to contribute to us? Would you like to help us? Would you like to contribute to us?
, but I thank you, but I thank you, too. I thank you, but I thank you, too, but I thank you, too.
is the red zone only for the succession and exit of passengers.The red zone is only for the passengers and the exit.
in a white zone, the prohibition is to stop the ban.The ban is in a white zone.The prohibition of stopping the stoop is a prohibition.
, not, but, not, but, in the absence of a No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
, white zone for the board and output. The white zone for the platform and output.
arrest is in the red zone in the red zone. The prohibition is in the red zone.
was always for the rise and output of the red zone.
, in a white zone, never stopped in a white zone. It was never stopping itself in a white zone.
I don't suppose to be a zone for stopping and which for the boarding.
, Bette, don't start with your bullshit about the white zone.
, good morning, good day, and good day, is the day of the day, and the day of the day.
ing on the bouquet of the Church of Good consciousness.
, would you like to help us? Would you like to contribute to us? Would you like to help us? Would you like to contribute to us?
“We know most of the names,” said Chunas.
I've just been finding it out now." I've just now."I've been finding it out now." I've just now." I've been finding it." I've been detected."
"You're saying as kids," Merridew said. "You're saying. "You're saying, like children," Merriedew said.
, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, is the one who is, my God, and my God, and I have a good deal of my God.
, the mysterious disease hit the horse on the ranch of Morgan's.
investigators are looking for answers after second drowning horses.
horses are recovering after breeding suicide.
... Eola... Eola... Eola... Eola...Eola...Eolo...Ela...Ela...Ela...Ela...Ela...Ela...Ela...Experture...
, you know, you're gonna be a ponychiatrie... ...Psychiatrie... ...Psychiatrie... ...Psychiatrie... ...and the... ...surface... ...and the... ...surface...
what happened to you, Anna? What happened to you, Anna? What happened to you, Anna? What happened to you, Anna?
is a rehabilitation centre and the last 2 years, the project has a rehabilitation centre and the last 2 years is a home for Shell.
, he was a strike from behind the back. It was a strike of the back. It was a stroke of the back. It was a valley of the back.
, she lost 3 ribs and her spine was damaged. She lost her arms and her spine was damaged.
, she was well and well-healthy and training her boats every day on a small trip to the sea.
, he has the possibility to eat his natural food, and he has the possibility of eating his natural food. He has a natural food. It has a chance to eat his natural food.
, we believe that it will keep her fitt and, especially, it will make it more use of the backflutve.
, for Kahindi, it is one of the remuneration for his heavy work. It is one of the remuneration for Kahindi's Kahindi's work for his heavy work.
, it's really nice to be really nice. It's really nice. It's really nice. It's really nice. It's really nice. It's really nice. It's really nice. It's really nice.
people have the opportunity to swim with turtle and experience so much fun.
Shella undoubtedly reinforced, but hopes that one day would flood to the sea was not filled.
, inevitably weaknessed and finally died.
, this kind of work will certainly have also unsuccessful successes, I think, I think, I think, I'm surely, I'm going to have the job.
, but there are still new turtles about which it is necessary to take care of.
is healthy? Does he healthy? Does he be healthy? Does he be healthy? Does he be healthy? Does he be healthy? Does he be healthy?
!We won, buddy!!We won, buddy!We won, buddy!We won, buddy!
! We won! We won! We won! We won! We have won! We have won! We have won! We have won! We have won! We have won!
are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you a good one? Are you a good one? Are you a good one?
you're gonna get a lot of money. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
you're gonna get a lot of money. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
I push the pressure, I push the pressure of I press the pressure on I push the pressure of I am pushing the pressure of I am pushing.
, you should prefer to be better off, you should better have a better idea of the idea of being the best of the way you should.
! I'm pushing! I'm pushing! I'm pushing! I'm pushing! I'm pushing! I'm pushing! I'm pushing!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
, Chade, tree! tree! tree! The chade, tree! The tree!
, home, sweet home home, sweet home. The house, sweet home. The house, sweet home.
, you should save faster and quicker you should save you more quickly.You should save more quickly.You should save faster.
, Kelsius, it's more loud, Kelsie. Give it more to the radio, Kelsie.
how's it going, girl? How's it going, girl? How's it going? How's it going, girl?
Parties which have expressed their views under Article 3(6)(b), and representatives of the country concerned Central America may, on the basis of a written request, be consulted in all information provided to the Commission in the context of the investigation, except for the internal documents of the Union institutions or its Member States, where the information relevant to the application of their arguments, are not confidential within the meaning of Article 11 and the Commission shall be used in the investigation.
Parties which have expressed their views may communicate to the Commission the interested parties to their comments on the information to communicate their views.
opinions are taken into account when they are based on sufficient evidence of prima facie prima facie.
, this is a porcelain pistol manufactured in Germany. It is a porcelain pistol manufactured in Germany.
is not seen at airport rentgene and costs more than how much you earn for a whole month.
I'll make it a month, you'd wonder how much I'll make for a month.
I know all about you and Nakatomi in Los Angeles, just because in the TV you're a one, and it doesn't mean it's so.
, look, now you're on my sand, and the castle I'll build on it, and I'll build on it, and then I'll build on it.
, you're going to crack some lottery off, you're gonna get off off some lottery.
, you know, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well.The well-being well.
I send your fucking captain in Los Angeles fucking fucking shrink! I send my fucking captain to your fucking captain in Los Angeles fucking fucking bitch!
I'll let you throw you out of my office before I leave you to my airport!
what happens to be the metal detectors, before: lead in your fuck or shit, what do you have in your brain?
is there any card on him? Does he have any card? Does he have any card? Does he have any card? Does he have any card? Does he have any card? Does he have any card?
, this is not our problem, this is not our problem. It's not our problem. It's not our problem. It's not our problem. It's not our problem. It's not our problem.
, your car is ready for the car is ready. It is ready for your car.The car is ready.
, you sign here, sign here, you sign here, you sign here, you sign here.
, everybody, good night, everybody. Everybody, everybody. Everybody, everybody, all night, everybody. It's a good night, everybody.
, I'll show you your room, Casey, I'll show you your room. I'll show you your room. I'll show you your room.
, Victoria, I can handle this, Victoria, I'm gonna do it, Victoria. I'm gonna do it, Victoria.
, if you lost your night, I'll get it straight next to the side.
, we should also pack it up, we should probably pack it too. Well, we should probably pack it up. We should also pack it up.
... up there... up there up there... up there up there, up there, up there, there's... up there up there, up there, up there, up there, up there, and there's a... ...a top there.
, and, alone, the full of self-filled alone.
, here on the couch, also yourself, here on the couch, too. You, here on the couch, too, alone.
I think tonight might get a little bit of society tonight, maybe a little bit of a company, I think I'm going to get to me tonight. I think I'm gonna get a little bit of society tonight.
, if I got what you have with Caseym? Well, it wouldn't be nice, it wouldn't be nice if I got what you had with Caseym?
, old... ...Casey!!!! old man, old... ...Casey!
! I'm the one! I'm the one! I'm the one! It's me! I'm the one! I'm the one! I'm the one! I'm the one!
, good night, good night, goodnight, goodnight, goodnight, goodnight, and the goodnight of the night.Since the goodnight.
, good night, good night, goodnight, goodnight, goodnight, goodnight, and the goodnight of the night.Since the goodnight.
, in the case of both proceedings, the investigated period actually overlapped the timely overlapping period.
, however, only three months of the first three months of the investigation period from the current proceedings were covered by the first three months.
, in accordance with Article 6(1) of the basic Regulation, should cover, in order to ensure representative results, the period of six months immediately preceding the initiation of the procedure, in order to ensure the representative results of the investigation period.
, in those circumstances, the data from the first three months of the investigated period would not be a permanent nitrate market for seasonal and inherent in the ammonium nitrate.
, furthermore, should be emphasised that the use of information obtained under a specific procedure for specific purposes in another management and for another purpose where the party concerned has not shown willingness to cooperate in the second investigation would be contrary to the provisions of Article 19(6) of the basic Regulation.
searching for account records over useful information. To search records of accounts, open the book, then select the record record record record. You can search individual accounts. You can search for records of accounts, open the book, and then select the record record record.
, you don't think you don't think you're not? Do you think it's not? You don't think you don't think it's not?
, Lieutenant, your men are already dead.
phone at the corner Wells and Lake corner. The phone at Wells and Lake corner.
, Trinity, make up, Trentity, and Triinity, and take up, and Trenti.
you go to white rabbit for a white rabbit. Go to the white rabbit for a white rabbit. Go to the white rabbit.
if they find it in you... if they find it in the house... if they find it in you...
, who crackla IRS base? Which crackle IRS base? Which crackle IRS base?
, I don't know what they want to do for you and I don't know what they want to do. They're going for you and I don't know what they want to do.
what the hell do they want me? What the hell do they want me? What the hell do they want me?
, if you don't want to know, I'll tell you to disappear, but if you don't want to find out, I'll bet you'll disappear.
how? how? how? How? How? How? How? How? How?How? How?How?How?How?How?How?Atailing How?To do you want to do so, or in the worst case, the Site isolated by the Site of the Site.
I can lead you, but do what I tell you, but do what I tell you. I can lead you, but do exactly what I tell you. I can lead you, but do what you're doing.
, on the other hand, is empty to you, the Kyje is empty from you.
! What if-- - go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
, now!! Now! Now! Now! Now! Now! Now! Now! Now! Now!! Now!! Now!!To forthcoming!
you're the ones that use people's utilizing people's use, you're the ones that use people.
! You've used me! You've used me! You've used me! You've used me!
... you... you... you... you... you... you... you... you... you... you... you... you... you... you... you...To you, you... ...in the way you're gonna get married, and you know, you know, the...
you're the one that uses people who use people, you're the ones that use people, who use people.
, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well-being well.
, you're going to fuck me from me.
how is your plan? What is your plan? What is your plan? If you want to plan? If you want to do so, you know, how's your plan?
, don't move. don't move. Don't move. Don't move. Don't move. Don't move. Don't move.
? Do you shoot me right before my wife? If you shoot me right in front of my wife? If you shoot me, you shoot me right in front of my wife?
, stay there, stay there, stay there, and stay there, stay there, stay there, and stay there. Stay there. Stay there. Stay there. Stay there. Stay there. Stay there. Stay there. Stay there. Stay there.
, the security is on it's on it's the right hand, it's the assurance is on it. It's the owner's turnover is on.
!Hold the hub! Keep the hub!! Keep the hub!!! Keep the hub!
Stevene? Stevene? The Stevene Stevene Stevene?? Does Stevene Stevene Stevene?? Does the Stevene Stevene Stevene?
I, Cindy Hull. I'm the one, Cindy Hull.
cindy? Cindy? The Cindy? The Cindy?
, here's this here it's here, it's here, it's here, here's this. It's a lot of it. It's here. It's here. It's here. It's here.
? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes?
"we" is not "we" or "sour"." "We" or "sour"." "We are not "we" or "sour"." "sour"."" and our "sour".""... ...and our "surprise".
, and it's and it's it's and it's it's a lot of it and it's it's a bitter. It's it's a lot of it. It's a lot of time.
, thanks to the thanks to the thank you. Thank you, thanks to the thanks to the thanksgiversary of the thanksgeneral.
? Lucy? Lucy? Lucy? Lucy? Lucy? Luxurious?Luxe? Luxurious?
, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know. I know. I know.
I know how the potistorming looks like, I know, how I think it looks. I know how much potistorming looks. I know how much it looks.
, listen, I'm trying to do this exercise, I'm trying to do this exercise. I'm trying to do this exercise. I'm trying to do this exercise.
! Marcelle!! Marcelle!! Marcelle! Marcel! Marcel!! Marcel!
? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes?
, he says he's gonna shoot them. He says he's gonna shoot them. He's gonna shoot them.He's gonna shoot them. He's gonna shoot them.
, if you start shooting, the Marines attack the attacks.
, then, your work is to make sure I'm not dying for free, right?
, the gunmen have her on the mosquitoes have it on the mosquitoes. They have a gunshot on her.
, Nikita, please, please. Please.Nikita, please.Please.Nikita, please.Please.Nikita, please.
, I'm no longer left to me anything else. It's not left to me anymore. It's not left to me anymore. It's not left to me anymore.
if you die, so I'll die, too. If you die, you'll die, so I'll also do so. If you die, you'll die, too, you'll die, too.
, you know, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well.The well-being well.
, we'll do it after your own. We'll do it, we'll do it, you'll do it after you. We're doing it after you. We're doing it after you.
, thanks to the thanks to the thanks. Thank you, thanks. Thank you, thanks. Thank you, thanks to the thanksgeneral.
, I repeat, couch, couch. I reiterate, couch. Sofa. I am reiterated, couch. Sofa. I am reiterated, couch.
, you know, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well.The well-being well.
Birkhoff opens the data channel.Birkhoff opens the data channel.The Birkhoff opens the data channel.
, they'd come through the file through him through him. They'd come through the file through him through him. They'd send the file through him.
, once the file arrives, the marines come and you will be able to leave peacefully and relax peacefully. Once the file arrives, the marines come and you will be able to leave peacefully.
! Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. hey, hey. hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. hey, hey. hey, hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
what's going on here? What's going on here? What's going on here? What's going on here? What's going on here? What's going on here?
, nothing, Mom, Momma, Momma. It's not a matter of fact, Mom.
just fucked up that yeah? Yeah, we just fucked up, we just fucked up, we're gonna get fucked up, right?
I saw what was happening, I saw what was happening. I saw what was happening. I saw what was happening. I saw what was happening. I saw what was happening.
, Stanley, do so, Stanley, you're doing so, you're gonna do, Stanley.
, let him get his lessons. Give him a lesson. Give him his lecturer. Give him his lesson.
, back it to him, back it to him, back it to him, back it to him. It's the return of it. It's not enough to return it.
, right, let him get his lessons. Give him a lesson.
, right, let him get his lessons. Give him a lesson.
"We must go out," VanHorn said, who knew that he could collapse any moment at any moment.
, while Bonnie managed, he took VanHorn into the syringe of the contents of one of the ampulous and sang the needle into the thigh.
, second injection, he was pushing into the forearm, just above the wounds.
, hoping that the injection would keep it conscious of until it reached the emergency room.
reactions after a moment after the detection of the blood pressure and blood pressure reduction.
VanHorn began to lay down the breath after breath.
, I must live, he thought, in his mind, I must live, he thought, in his mind. I must live, he thought, in his mind.
, then he collapsed in the seat, and then collapsed in the seat.
Bonnie grabbed him for her hair and turned his head to breathe better.
"Stay so," she said, "Let him," she said. "Let him," she said. "Let him remain," she said.
, the right hand held VanHorn and the left led the car that ran the trace of the hospitals.
, first, he must be given the serum at the emergency room.
, please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
! Hold on to the game! Keep the game behind the game!! Keep the game behind the castle!
! Hold on to the game! Keep the game behind the game!! Keep the game behind the castle!
e, a good evening, good evening, good evening, good evening, and evening, good evening, is the good evening.
exactly 19:30. 19:30.30. 1930.30.
in my age? When my age, in my age, do I have a age?
I can be happy to appear. I can be happy to appear. I can be happy to appear. I can be happy to appear. It will appear.
, nonsense, nonsense, nonsense, nonsense, nonsense, mustn't think of the nonsense of the nonsense of the nonsense.
, Elke, here's either worthy, Elke. It's either worthy here, Elke. It's worthy of the place, Elke.
, so hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello.
? Did you find Simmons? Did you find Simmons? Did you find Simmons? Did you find Simmons? Did you find Simmons? Did you find Simmons?
, he found the heels, he found the heels of the car, he found the heels of the man.
, and bribery and bribery, commissions and bribery payments.
, here are your original specifications here. Here are your original specifications here. Here are your original specifications. Here are your original specification. Here are your original specification.There are your original specification.
what it's like? That's like... What's it like? It's like... What's it like? It's like... What's like...
what the man had to do to survive... I can't imagine it, or I can't imagine it.
God, bless our new leading race, whether it is anyone whoever it is.
Amen. - Amen. - Amen. - Amen. - Amen. - Amen. - Amen. - Amen. - Amen. - Amen.
, this is your real estate agent, Trudy. It's your real estate agent, Trudy, Trudy.
, old Mell, is a mail, it's our poster, because... you know... you know...
, poor little, god bless her...
... ...averagely... ...average... ...average... ...average... ...average... ...average... ...average... ...average... ...average... ...to bearing a lot of... ...average... ...and a... ...average... ...and a... ...average... ...and a... ...treatment... ...and a... ...and a... ...and a... ...average... ...and... ...and a... ...and... ...average... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...average... ...and... ...and... ...the... ...and... ...and... ...the... ...and... ...and... ...the... ...and... ...and a... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...average... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and a... ...average... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and a... ...average... ...average... ...and... ...and a... ...average... ...and... ...and... ...and a... ...
? Can I take your coat? Can I take you a coat? I can take you a coat? I can take you a coat? I can take the coat? I can take you? I can take you a coat?
... Lucy Hill, this is Ted Mitchell. It's Ted Mitchell.
? So it's a little party? It's a little party? It's a little party? It's a little party? It's a little party? It's a little party?
, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. The Yes. The Yes.
... Ted, you're staying here nearby? Well, you're living here nearby? Well, you're living here nearby?
, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. The Yes. The Yes.
I moved here more than ten years ago. I moved here before I had over ten years ago. I moved here before I had over 10 years ago.
, but the fact that batteries still had been shooting suggested that they were still the very little in the very far-crossed—they were actually on the edge of the ruin.
, however, Sutherland was already faster, and when Hornblower looked back, he saw that the Pluta's emergency mast was on board.
any sail that will be able to hang out Pluto, facilitate the extremely work of Sut-herland and in an hour they can be with the work done.
if you die in the morning, you're greatly ready for a date at six. If you nearly died in the morning, you're very greatly ready for a date at six.
, I know that, I know that, I know, I know that, I know that, I know, that's what I know.
...But... But... But... But... But... But... But... But... But... But... But... But... But... But... But... But... But... A... A...At a...Seaturing the...
... my experience... the same risks that keep you together, end up any long-term burden.
, on the fact that we're going to take the harvest on. We'll take the harvesting of the harvesting of the harvest.
, on health, the health of the health of the health, health and health, on the health of the health, are the health of the health.
! Give me the turn! Give me a turn! Give me a turn! Give me a turn! Give me a turn! Give me a turn!
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
, you're doing this great thing, you're doing it, you're doing it great. It's a good thing to do.
, and teach your brother to do it, and teach your brother, and teach your brother to do so.
, you know, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well.The well-being well.
, you know, you're gonna be a good one, you're gonna be a good one. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey.He's been a bitter, hello, you're gonna be wearing a pair of pit-floor.
what is the forecast? What is the forecast? What is the forecast? What is the forecast? What is the forecast? What is the forecast? What is the forecast? What is the forecast?
I have to wear the stupid thing for a few weeks, I have to wear the stupid thing for a few weeks. I have to wear the deplete thing for a few weeks. I have to wear the deplete thing.
, you know what gets you one leg into the grave? What's gonna happen to you?
, this provision merely takes over the commitment proposed by the DSD in the context of the administrative procedure (recitals 63 and 133 of the contested decision).
, therefore, DSD cannot claim that, other than the one proposed by the Commission, the solution is now the more appropriate solution to the problems identified during the proceedings.
, in addition, the adoption of a solution to the applicant, namely the captive log of Der Gr ⁇ ne Punkt, rather than the indication explaining in the vicinity of that logo, would mean imposing packaging to the producers of packaging types for each Member State, which would not be economically rational.
, as a result, the complaint concerning the unfair nature of Article 4(2) of the contested decision must be rejected, in so far as it imposes an explanatory note on the packaging, although it could be covered by the Der Gr ⁇ ne Punkt logo.
, so poor old Tupon in the meat of Pébé Seli's lungs, was a lung and screamed like a animal.
"This is a book," I said, "It's a book," I said. "It's a book," I said.
, Michael, please, Michael, please. Oh, Michael, please, Michael, please.
I had the right to know it was my right to know it. I had the right to know it. I had the right to know it. I had the right to know it. I had the right to know it.
, you said you gave it to her. You told her you gave them to her. You told her that you gave them to her. You gave her them to her. You gave her them.
, I must go, I must go, I must go, I must go, I must go, I must go. I must go. I must go. I must go. I must go. I must go. I have to go. I have to go. I have to go.
!! Call yourself!! Call me!! Call me!
, you know, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well.The well-being well.
, a little late," said Ritter, disgustingly," Ritter said, "Ritter said, disgustingly, too, for a little too, to be frightened.
, this was the better operation that his directorates had been done after years, and the guy who had come with the idea now, now fears are dying.
Admiral Cutter did not listen to Ritter's inventives so carefully to run away.
, President, promised to remove the people who killed Jacobs and those others.
, what was more important, he did not do it even WRANGLER.
Chavez was too far south than he could hear the explosion.
was divided into another processing site.The group was broken down to another processing site.
, the locations were obviously founded as a staffet, apparently, they were based as a spa of the district.
(9) OJ L 414, 30.12.2006, p. 102.2.
you're reading ideas, you're not seeing the future's future. You're reading the idea, you're not seeing the future. You're looking forward to seeing the future.
... everything that paints... ...with fill in with everything that paints... ...with complete it. It will fill in with everything that paints... ...in the filling.
, the sun is coming up at a new time. The sun is based on a new time, at the new time. The sun is based on the sun at the new time.
I saw them on my own eyes, I saw them on my own eyes, and I saw them on my own. I saw them on my own eyes. I saw them on my own.
, when he is fate... I'm Hiro Nakamura. I'm called Hiro Nakamura.
, we will be in America on Tuesday Tuesday in America.We will be in America in Tuesday in America.We will be in America.We will be in America.
... you don't think it would be easier for everyone if I had a car? I had my own car?
I'm gonna be surprised for your birthday next month. I wanted to surprise you for your birthday.
... I can't stop thinking how many times I told you, "Hey", on your first day at school. I can't stop thinking about how many times I told you, "Hello", on your first day at school.
: %1!s! list %1!s! was removed. It was removed from the list %1!s!.It was removed.
cooperating users cooperating users cooperating with users working together, cooperating users working with users working with users of the users who have cooperated with the users of cooperating effectively and in the same way as users of users of the users of the users of the users of the cooperating exercise of the protection of the users
survey does not contain questions. It does not contain questions. It does not contain questions. It does not contain questions. It does not contain questions. It does not contain questions.
: Investment costs: Investment costs:: Investment costs:: Investment costs:: Investment costs:: Cost: Cost: Inc.A. investment costs:
, 5.5 miles, and 5,5 miles. 5,5 miles.M., 5,5 miles.M., the miles.
, in accordance with Article 95(3) of the Agreement, the Council shall adopt any transitional measures which may be necessary regarding the amended provisions until their entry into force.
sampling customers, sampling, collecting customers, collecting the customers, and collecting them from the customers, and the customers of the sampling process.
list list list lists lists lists lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of the lists of lists of the lists of the lists of lists and lists of the lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists
handwritten commentary handwritten commentary handwritten commentary hand handwritten commentary commentary written hand written commentary written commentary on hand, handwritten commentary comments written by hand, handwritten commentary on the comments made by hand, in writing,
transfer the selection to text to texts to the text to the text to the text to the text to the text of the text to the text, transfer the selection to text to textbooks to the text of the text, which is the selection of texts and the text of the texts, namely the selection of texts and texts of the texts of the text.
ing to consider as being considered as being considered as being a treating the perpetrator for the perpetratorship of the PSI, considered as being considered as being considered as being considered as a treating the phenomenon of the same time as the hedge of the Saintiffs.
formatting format of file formatting file format option file formatting file formatting file formatting file formatting file formatting commonplacement of file formatting commonly, enabling file formatting file formatting
commentary to refuse the refusal to refuse the refusal comment on refusal to refuse the refusal to reject the refusal to reject the refusal of the refusal to reject the refusal of the refusal of refusal to reject the refusal of the refusal of refusal to the opposition of the commentary of the commentary on the part of the commentary of the commentary
compression of image images compression images, compression of image images of image, compression of image image image compression, image image compression, compression of image material, image and image of the image,
Find and replace and replace and replace and replace and replace and replace and replace and replace and replace and replace and replace and replace and replace and replace and replace the replacement of the sites in the ECR II,
options XML error options XMLL error options XMLLL error options XMLLLL error options XMLLLLL error options
, ruler and grid and grid, and grid, and ruler and grid, and grid, and a grid, and a grid, and a grid, and a grid, and a grid, and a grid, and a grid, in spite of the sausages,
: The beginning of the ruler's start of the ruler, the beginning of the ruler, the beginning of the ruler, the beginning of the ruler, the beginning of the ruler, the beginning of the ruler, the beginning of the ruler, the beginning of the sausage, the beginning of the sausage,
ed working space shared working space shared space space shared space space shared shared space space, shared working space space space space space available for the Shared work area, shared space space, with a shared space of space, and a shared space of space,
default flag defects the starting flags of the starting symptom of the symptoms of the starting symptom of the symptom of the starting symptom of the symptom of the symptom of the starting symptom of the symptom of the symptom of the symptoms of the starting symptom of the symptom of the symptom of the symptoms of the symptoms of the symptoms of the initial symptoms.
formatting conditioned formatting formatting of the formatting of the formatting of the formatting of the formatting of the formatting of the formatting of the formatting of the formatting of the formatting of the formatting the conditional upon the format of the formatting, the conditional upon the formatting of the formatting of the formatting, the formatting of the formatting of the formatting and the formation of the formatting.
Official Journal of the European Union C 326/10 Judgment of the Court (First Chamber) of 7 September 2006 (request for a preliminary ruling from Areios Pagos — Greece) — G. Agorastedis v Commission (Case C-36/10 Commission)
: 08.06.
a friend? a friend? a friend? a friend?Morefriend?
I'm really getting tired of this monogaie's really starting to bother me, this monogaie starts bothering me to bother me.
, it's not possible that it's not possible to be possible. It's not possible. It's not possible. It's not possible. It's not possible. It's not possible. It's not possible.
, Lassia, you know, Lassia, you know, Lassia, you know, Lassia.
, you saw the recording of the record, you saw the record, you saw the recording of the record. You saw the record. You saw the record. You saw the record.
, impossible, impossible, impossible, impossible to be, impossible to be, impossible. It is impossible to be able to do so.
, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, and I know, I know, the I am going to be the one that is the one that is the one that is.
, it's really shocking. It's really shocking. It's really shocking. It's really shocking. It's really shocking. It's really shocking. It's really shocking. It's a lot of shocking.
, but the missing corpses could mean the only: the dead of the dead: the only: the dead of the following:
, maybe it's the best here, deep in the woods, maybe it's the best here, deep in the forests, maybe it's the best here, deep in the forests, the deep down, the woods, the deep down the woods,
far from the resident areas of the dwellery area. It is far from the dwellings of the dwellings.
, they were well, ashes, praised and dead. They were bored, and were burned, and dead.
I think it is perfectly obvious what is happening here. I think it's perfectly obvious what's going on here. I think it's perfectly obvious what's going on here.
you two people have organized a small fraud to make your part not completely lost time and found two oven what they jumped on it.
, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true. It's not true. It's not true. It's not true. It's not true. It's not true. It's not true.
if you were something, you would sell your own mother, even if you were going to sell you something, you would sell your mother.
, I love you, angel, and I love you, angel. I love you, angel. I love you, angel. I love you, angel. I love you, angel.
I'll think about it, I'll let you know, I'll let you know, when I think it's gonna be, I'll let you know.
, because I don't have them because I don't have them, because I don't have them, because I don't have them, because I don't have them. I don't have them. I don't have them.
why should I believe to you? Why should I believe you? Why should I believe you? I should believe you?
, because I say so, because I say it, I say it, I say it, I say it. I say it. I say it. I say it. I say it. I say it. I say it. I say it.
what should it be good? What should it be? What should it be good? What should it be? What should it be? What should it be? What should be good? What should it be?
Lazarre will not be much excited about Lazarre, probably not too much excited.
Lazarro, if he is not enough, send someone to break my mouth.
I will not be diluted. I will not be diluted. I will not be diluted. I will not be diluted. I will not. I will not. I will not be diluted.
, Bernie, Bernie, Bernie, Bernie.
, Tom, you know, Tom, you're gonna be the one that's gonna be the one that's gonna be the one that's gonna be the one that's gonna be the one that's gonna be the one that's gonna be the one.
how do you manage? How do you manage to run? How do you manage? How do you manage?
, they come from the lebe hunters. They come from the hunters of lebekes. They come from lekes from lekes. They come from lekes. They come from lebek hunters.
, what? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What?Me??
, there are thousands of years here for a thousand years. There are thousands of years here.There are there for thousands of years.There are there for thousands of years.
? Lebanese leppers? Lefts? Software? Software? Softiers of lebek??? Software?
, there are a few villages around the village. They have a few villages around the village. They have a few villages around. They have a few villages. They have a few villages. They have a few villages.
, they walk on fish, they walk on fish. They walk on fish. They walk on fish. They walk on fish. They walk on fish. They walk on fish.
? Did you say a hunter of skull? Did you say a hunter of skull? Did you say a hunter of skull? Did you say a leebek hunters?? Did you say a leebek?
, the skull was no longer in over a hundred years. They don't care for the left of the skull for a hundred years.
, they do not care, they do not remember how they do it. They don't remember it, they don't care, they don't remember how they do it.
, there will be rivers on the shoulder of the river. They will be there in the shoulder of the river. They will be there in the shoulder of the river.
, maybe the boat lends us a boat lending to us, if we borrowed the boat. It's a boat, they'll borrow us.
, we're going to go to the skull hunters, not from them? Let's go to the hunters of the skull, not from them?
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm so hungry that I'd sell my own grandmother for Tic Tac sold my grandmother. I'm so hungry that I'd be for Tic Tac sold my grandmother's own grandmother.
... that's... is that?? It's... is this... is it? It's... What's this...? It's...? It's...? It's... ...then... ...then... ...then... ...there's... ...there's... ...and the... ...and the... ...in the... ...sensitive... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and it's... ...the... ...and... ...there's... ...and... ...there's... ...then... ...there's... ...then... ...then... ...then... ...there's... ...then... ...then... ...there's... ...then... ...then... ...then... ...then... ...then... ...there's... ...there's... ...there's... ...there's... ...there's... ...there's... ...there's... ...there's... ...there's... ...there's... ...there's... ...there's... ...there's... ...there's... ...there's... ...there's... ...there's... ...there's... ...there's... ...there'
I'm not sure I want to know at all. I'm not sure I want to know this anymore, but now I'm not sure I want to know.
? - Yes, of course, Dr. Sureshi, I can talk to you? - Yes, of course, Dr. Sureshi.
, Alice, it's okay, Alice. It's okay, Alice, it's okay, Alice. It's okay, Alice. It's okay, Alice.
three-wool lines. The three-driven lines of the line.
, don't worry about them. Don't worry about them. Don't worry about them.
, I don't read the thoughts if you think it's a thought that you think.
I had a dream how you showed me the cards you showed me. I had a dream about how you showed me. I had a card.
dream? That particular moment? Does this particular moment? Does Sen? About this particular moment? Does this dream? Does this particular moment? Does this particular moment?? Does this particular moment?? Does this particular moment??
, what does it seem to you? Does it seem to meet you? Does everything you dream?
, you're the one about you, about you, you're the one who's been about, you're the one who's been about.
, you kill all the things here are here. They kill all the things they are here.
, I can assure you, that it will not happen to it. I can assure you that it will not happen. I can assure you that it will not happen.
you're a good man and you've been worrying about us very kindly. You're a good man and career you're caretaken about us.
, I say, I tell you it will blow up to you. I say it will blow up to you. I say it will blow it to you.
if you leave, it will destroy our work, destroy our entire work. If you leave, it will destroy our entire work.
we were thinking about you, actually, we were thinking about you. We were really thinking about you. We were really thinking about you. We were really thinking about you. We were thinking about you.
, before we saw this, before we saw this, we saw this before we saw this.
, this is your brother's file. It's your brother's file. It's your brother's file. It's your brother's file.
twenty years old and has three hard crimes for twenty years old and has three tough crimes.
three times and enough, three times and enough, three times and enough.Three and enough enough, three times and enough.
Chlapc will go to the rest of his life for theft of the carriage of the car.
, God, this is a stupid law. It's a stupid law. It's a stupid law. It's a moron. It's a stupid law.
, he still had the same chance as you did.Hey, he still had the same chance as you.He was still the same as you.
, black, huh? fucking black, huh?
, uh... what do I have to do to disappear this is falsely accusing potentially innocent man?
what are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you? What are you doing?
we're talking about the white guy who shot three blacks. We're talking about the white guy who shot three blacks.
, and you tell me that it's not fair enough for him? Do you tell me that it's not enough fair to him?
, you know what?What do you know? What? What do you know? What? Do you know? What? Well, you know? What? Well, you know?
, maybe you're right, maybe you're right, you might be right, you might be right, you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right, you're gonna get rid of the truth.
transport may be used for transport, including air or maritime transport.
air transport is not limited to the use of the Azerbaijan national carriers or Member States, and it is possible to use both regular and charter flights.
, in the event of a return with a person who is a member of the requesting State, is not limited to the person authorised by Azerbaijan or a Member State.
“It depends on him.” "It depends on him.”
, a long trunk silence was disturbed. It was a long trunk silence.
, "Slant, if you go, I'll show you how it works," said Jair finally.
in the cinemas of the dark eyes, the interest suddenly appeared in the prudent eyes of the prudent eyes.
ready? Are ready? Prepared ready? Ready? Ready? Readyed? Ready?
, I'm really, I'm really, I'm really doing this, but I'm really, I'm really doing this. I'm really doing this.
, you're starting with the start of the start. Start the start of the start. It's just a start of the start.
, the oldest Scott is detained without the possibility of the rubber and investigations continues. The old man is continues.
, with nudes, with boring extra. ...and he beat the driver who had been driving from the accident in which his son and his efforts were fought.
how do you feel? how do you feel? How do you feel? How do you feel? How do you feel? Do you feel? If you feel like you feel?
I think I would contact Daunte's family. I think I'd like to think about contacting Daunte's family.
, the guy who knocked me down, the guy who's been calling me, so, the guy who's been knocked down me.
who told you that? Who told you that? Who told you this? Who told you this? Who told you this? Who told you this? Who told you? Who told you this? Who told you this?
every day they give it in the news all day. They give it to the news. They give it all the day in the news.
, what we're starting to forgive, that? - What we're starting to do is we, when we're not forgiven, we're not forgiving, right?
not only that people were about the people they loved, but they must live with someone almost killed someone.
, two people, two people, two people, two people, two people, two people, and two people.
I thought I might say that I could not be angry, and that could relieve their pain.
, it was my fault, it was my fault, it was my fault. It was my fault. It was my fault. It was my fault. It was my fault.
... this is... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... That's... That's...
... if it's so... ...there's a surprise me, it's so... ...when it's so... ...it's surprising me.
... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I...Me... I...Me... I...Maybe the...
hours I was there, we worked together every day together. We worked together everyday together for the entire time I was there for a while.
, he came on 16 May... ...there was a 16th May... ...to come... ...then... ...there was a 16th May... ...to come... ...to come... ...there's... ...to come... ...there's... ...to come... ...to come... ...there's... ...to come... ...and come... ...to the... ...and come...
... on the lightning 4-day visit of the country's country's country's visit on May 16, May ... on lightning 4-day visit.
, Aha, Aha Aha, Aha Aha.Aha Aha Aha.Aha Aha.Aha Aha.Aha Aha.Aha Aha.Aha Aha.
, and then he went back to the middle of June, and he went back to the end of the day, and returned to the end of the day, and returned to the half of June.
? Really? Really? Really? Does it really? Does it really? - Really? - Really? - Really? - Really? - Really? - Really? - Really? - Really?
, it was so it was so it was that it was that it was. It was that it was. It was that it was. It was so. It was. It was. It was. It was. It was. It was.
Jay Garner and Paul Hughes were not the only people of the surprise of the Army's dissolution for the dissolution of the Army.
: 00:56:05,228 -- ⁇  00:56:07,822 The idea of dissolving the entire army was surprised enough to surprise me.
, of course, the clear-call, clearly. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure.The right thing is to do with the right to be a lot of money.
, can I, can I, can I, can I, can I, can I, can I, can I, can I, uh, Can I, Can I, Can I, Can I, Can I, Can I, Can I, Can I, Can I, Can I, Can I, by, uh, uh, I'm gonna be able to do so with a view to the end of the...
, of course, sure, the course of course. The course of course.
, it is worthy of the remarkable. It is worthwhile. It is worthwhile. It is worthwhile.
how did you find it? How did you find out? How did you find out? How did you find out? If you came to it?
, of course, the clear-call, clearly. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure.The right thing is to do with the right to be a lot of money.
, thanks to the thanks to the thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanks. Thanks to the thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanksgiving thanks to the thanksgeneral.
, number one, Reggie, one, one, Reggie, one, one, Reggie.
! forget it! Let's forget it! Let's forget it!
! You did this, Flash!! You did it, Flashi, you did this, you did it, Flashi!
, but I had a lot of time, but I had a but I had had a but I had a but-I had a lot of money, but I had.
, let's have a look at the balcony. Give yourself a bunch of talks.
, you know, you're gonna be a good one, you're gonna be a good one. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey.He's been a bitter, hello, you're gonna be wearing a pair of pit-floor.
? Good? Good? Well, good? Well, good? Well, good? Well, what, good? Well, good?
, Him, Parker, and Him, here, Parker, and the Him here, Parker, and the Parkere.
you election, you election, election, you election, election!
s, let us have a beer with us. Give us a beer with us, and a beer. Give us a beer.
"No foreign army never bought American territory." "The American territory."
I want to say, they come up with a mitroch young to the tops, you know. You know, you know, you know, they come to the mitroch young people to the tops.
I really think it's really my mind. I really think it's really my mind. I really think it's really my mind. I really think it's really me that I really think it's gonna be a bit of a kind of thing.
, the Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok.O. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok.
are you going to me? Are you going to me? Are you going to me? Are you going to me? Are you going with me? Does it go with me?
... this is... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... That's... That's...
is this a break-up report? Does it be a breakdown message? Does it be a breakdown message? Does it be a breakdown message? Does it be a breakdown message?
why aren't you going to me? Why do you break up with me? Why do you break up with me? Do you break up with me? Do you break up with me?
ing this great guy and find the right girl, but I'm not the one. I'm not the one.
? Are you ready to get ready? Are you ready? Are you ready? Are you ready? Are you ready? Are you prepared?
you know, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
we meet tomorrow at 13:00 tomorrow at 13:00 Mulholland, tomorrow, we will meet tomorrow at 13:00 a prospector of Mulhollandand, tomorrow at 13:00 a prospector of Mulholland, a prospector of Mullholand, a prospective of Mulholand, and a tournament,
! - Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, and go, and go, and go, uh,
all Tancute all Tancute all Tancute all Tanculate Tanculate Tanculate Tanculate Tanculate the Tanculate the Tanculate-up to the Tanculate-up of Tanculate the Tanculate
! love the rhythm Tanculate the Tanculate the rhythm Tanculate the Tanculate the rhythm Tanculate Tanculate the Tanculate the rhythm of Tanculate the Tanculate the rhythm of Tanculate the rhythm
and trace great work and trace great work, and trace great work, and trace great work great work and work great work, excellent work done by the great work of the great work of the great work of the great work of the artist, and the trace of the great work.
? Do you have a hungry level? Are you hungry? Are you hungry? Are you hungry? Are you hungry? Are you hungry? Are you hungry? Are you hungry? Are you hungry?
, when you give them toast and jam, they will want to get the milk on the back and then want to the toilet, and then want to get to the toilet, and then they will want to get them to the toilet.
, so no toast and jam We're just talking about the fun and enjoy ourselves, so we're going to enjoy the fun and enjoy ourselves, so we're just talking about entertainment.
Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel, Rachel Rachel, Rachel, Rachel, Rachel, Rachel, Rachel, Rachel, whollywooded, and the Rachel, whollywooded, wasted with the Rachel's paintings, and the Rachel's paintings.
? Your true name? Your true name? Your true name? Your true name? Your true name? Your true name? Your true name?
. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel I'm Rachel, I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel, I'm Rachel, I'm astonished, and I'm afraid, and I'm afraid, and I'm gonna be able to get rid of the Rachelor's.
is this part of the training program? Does this part of the training program? Does this include a training program? Does this part include a training program? Does this include a training program?
, she was wounded at him. She was wounded at him.
, some idea, hope, dream, dream, dream, dream, dream of some idea, and a dream.
, even the most natural of us are not only bread living, nor the bread's bread are the most natural of us.
, in each of us, there is some internal life - and that survives even after we become gossi."
I, you, Haddie and Nora. I, you, Haddie and Nora, you, Nora, you, the Haddie and Nora.
my three exceptional children in this exceptional day, my three exceptional children in this exceptional day. My three exceptional children in this exceptional day.This exceptional day.
? Are you for? Are you a podsman? Are you for? Are you for? Are you a proximity for? Are you for? Are you for?
, it's Jen, it's Jen. It's Jen. It's Jen. It's Jen. It's Jen. It's Jen.
, I must go to the student council meeting at the student council meeting. I have to go to the meeting of the student council. I have to go to the meeting of the student council.
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
, don't cry. I'm sorry, don't cry.
, honey, gold, gold, gold, golden, golden, golden, and golden, and golden, and the gold.
, when daddy's gone, can I eat it off on TV? If my dad's gone, I can eat it off on TV? I can eat it off the TV?
, you're going to be right, so go, go on, go on, go on. Go on, go.
, you know, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well.The well-being well.
, it's not as it looks like it looks like it's the way it looks. It's not the way it looks. It's not the way it looks. It's what it looks like.
, I know I'm getting worse, but it's stronger than I do. I know I'm getting worse, but it's stronger than I do.
, I understand you, I understand, and I understand, in the sense of you, I understand you, and I understand.
, your secret is safe with me, in my safety, for me, your secrets are safe with me.
area area area area area area, area area of area, area of area of area, area of area of area, area of area of area, area of area of area of area of area of area of area of area of area of area of area of area of origin, and area thereof,
type type type type type type type type type type of type (type) type Type of type Typical type (type) type of type of type of type of type of type of type One of type of type of type of type of type One of type of type of type of type of type of type (and/or type)
Mys ⁇  Mysis, Mys ⁇  Mouse ⁇  Mouse ⁇  Mouse ⁇  Mouse ⁇  Mouse ⁇  Mouse  ⁇ s Winterviewed by Myself  ⁇ s Way  ⁇ s
: Klavesniceknice klávesnicek ⁇ icekásnicekásnice klávetsnice klávetsnice klávet ⁇ nice kláve ⁇ ka kláve ⁇ nicekásnicekásnicekásk ⁇ nicekásk ⁇ nicek ⁇ nicekásk ⁇ nicek ⁇ nicekásk ⁇ nicek ⁇ nicekáská ⁇ nicek ⁇ nicek ⁇ nicekáskáská ⁇ nicek ⁇ icek ⁇ nicek ⁇ icek ⁇ niceká ⁇ nicek ⁇ niceká ⁇ niceká ⁇ nicek ⁇ nicekáská ⁇ nicekáve ⁇ nicekáskáská ⁇ nicek ⁇ niceká ⁇ niceká ⁇  klá ⁇ niceká ⁇  klá ⁇  kláve ⁇  kláve ⁇ nicekáve ⁇ nicekáve ⁇  kláve ⁇  klá ⁇ nice klávesc klávesc klávesc klávesc kláve ⁇ nicekávesc klávesc klávesc klávesc kláve
Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Task Force (Exposure) Save Save Save Save Task Force (Exposure)
annulment cancel cancellation Cancel Cancel Cancel Cancel Featuring Outturnsiders (September 7), annul the cancellation of the cancellation of the cancellation of the cancellation of the cancellation of the cancellation of the annulment of the proceedings.
image Figure Figure (first name) Figure Figure of image Figure (Seeper Figure 1), Figure of image of the image of the image of the image of the image of the image of the image of the image of the image of the image of the image.
Video Video Video Video Video Video Video Video Video Video Video Gamebooks & videos Cups & Cups & Video Video Video Video Video Video Video Video Video Game & Cups
Download %s video (%s, %s) video (%s, %s) download %s video (%s, %s)%s video (%s, %s)
Overview Overview Overview The Overview of the Overview of the Overview of the Overview of the Overview of the Overview of the Overview of the View of the Overview of the Overview of the Overview of the Overview of the Overview of the View of the Overview of the Views of the Trials and the prospective of the Trials.
(%.1f per cent of %d) %1f per cent (%1f per cent of %d) % of %d) %1f per cent of %d)
Total: %d %d Total: %d %d Total: %d %d: %d %d %d: %d %d: %d %d, in whole: %d %d %d, ceased to be arable, %d
I do not know the unknowed unknowed Unknown Unknown Unknown Unknown, unknown Unknown, unknown Unknown Appendix to the Unknown Language of the Unknown Language of the Unknown Language of the Unknown Language of the Unknown Language of the European Communities
under 18 Under 18 Under 18 Under 18 Under 18 Under the age of 18, under 18 Under 18 Under the 18th Under the age of 18, the underwenth Chamber of Deputy Principles of 18
18 to 25 to 25 to 25 to 25 to 25 to 25 to 25 to 25, except for the 25 to 25 to 25 to 25 to 25, to 25, the upheld of the 25-year-olds of the propulsion of the propulsion of the propulsion of the genus and the other, as well as the 25th to 25 to 25 to 25 to 25 to 25.
, never tell them anything, yes, you never tell them anything about them, don't tell them anything.
, you know, into work!To work!To work!To work!To work!To work!To work!To work!To work!
I read the protocol about the Colombian Aférix. I read the protocol about the Colombian Aférika Afére.
, you had a fire-covered vesture. You had a fire-foot vest.You had a fire-foot vest.
, when infiltration, this must not be infiltrated, but it must not be infiltrated.
, I was cold, I was cold, and I was cold. I was cold. I was cold. I was cold. I was cold. I was cold. I was cold.
were you afraid of not more fear? Did you have not fear? Did you have not have worship? You have not had more fear? Did you have the fear?
, here's a stink in the bread, and here's a stink of stink in the bread, and here's a stink in the bread.
what do you play it? What do you play? What are you playing for? Do you play it? Do you play it?
? Do you fear? Do you fear, you have fear? Do you have fear? Do you have fear? Do you have fear? Are you afraid of being afraid?
I say there is a stink in both the bread and the stink in the bread. I say there is a stink of the stink in the bread.
LOK FORMAH FORMATE FORMAH THE FORMARY FORMATE FORMATE FORMATE FORMATE FORMATE FORMATE FORMATE FORMATE FORMATE FORMARY OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES
film-coated tablet (tablet). film-coated tablet (tablet).
, round, yellow biconvex film-coated tablet with reduced edge debris ‘S10’ on the one hand and Boehringer Ingelheim, on the other side (page diameter: 9,1 mm).
, the largest group of students who participated in the workstation program, consisted of students of social science, trade and rights (26%), the second place was the strongest group of previous year, i.e. students of humanity science and art (17.1%), and the third place occupied students of agriculture and veterinary (15.4%), whose number was higher compared to the previous year.
how many higher education students (bachelor and Master's) are involved in Erasmus countries involved in Erasmus?
, how many of them spent in 2010-2011 part of the study or the entire study abroad?
Before you can try this example, you must set the sample packages that are supplied together with IBM Cognos Business Intelligence.
information See Manual administrations and IBM Cognos Business Intelligence Guide.For more information, see Manual administrations and IBM Cognos Business Intelligence Guide.
you must also have a list of “Classing - Creation of a grouped list of the list for sold units” on page 23rd page.
, Chip, I'm sure I'm sure I've got Chip, surely I have a Chip, surely I have a security guardian.
I'll care about him well enough to care about him. I'll care well of him well enough for him. I'll care about him well. I'll care well.
... I mean, he was... he was... a... huge!... was... huge!
I want to say, at least eight... uh, no, more than ten feet!
, I can clarify this... a little misunderstanding. When... When... When...
, go away from me.!!! go away from me.!!! Get away from me!!! Get away from me!!!!!!!!!!!!!
, I know, it doesn't look good, but it's a kind and friendly and friendly.
, my friend is my friend. It's my friend, it's my friend. It's my friend. It's my friend. It's my friend. It's my friend. It's my friend.
I would say, if I didn't know you, I would say you're feeling with the monster you're feeling.
night after them, they'll go. They'll be going after them at night. They'll be going. It'll go. They'll be going. They'll be going. They'll be going.
, you know, you know, you know, you're gonna be a bitter!
! We're not safe until my head is my head on my wall! We're not safe until I have his head on my wall! We're not safe until I have his head on my wall!
I say: We kill Animals! We kill Animals!
, if not dead, we are safe - we come to watch us at night - we are not dead, we are not safe - We come to watch us watch us at night watching us at night watching us at night watching us watch us at night
support for capacity building, which the Commission is thus aimed primarily at the management of public finances.
, among the needs for improving public finances in a country and the amounts provided to support capacity building, however, is not clear from the link between the needs of improving public finances in a certain country and the amounts provided to support capacity building.
, therefore, it is not clear whether the normal share of funding programmes of general budget support allocated to capacity building, usually in order 5 % is sufficient to have a significant impact.
, impossible, impossible, impossible, impossible to be, impossible to be, impossible. It is impossible to be able to do so.
, it is not impossible in our dictionary. It is not in our dictionary. It is not in our dictionary. It is not in our dictionary.
who said it? Who said it? Whoever said it? Who said it? Who said it? Who said it? Who said it? Who said it? Whoever said it? Who said it?
, you're the ones who're gonna be you, you're the ones who're gonna be you, you're gonna be the ones who're gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be.
vaccine vaccine vaccine against influenza (green virion) contains a pandemic strain with antigen* equivalent to the corresponding antigen ratio of vaccine influenza vaccine (a whole virion)
A/Vietnam/1194/2004 (H5N1)*********
0.5 ml dose 0.5 ml of 0.5 ml dose of 0.5 ml, at doses of 0.5 ml, at doses of 0.5 ml, respectively, at doses of 0.5 ml, respectively, the dose of 0.5 ml, respectively, in the dose of 0.5 ml,
"There are no other outbreaks of meetings available at the meeting are available, no more occurrence of meetings is available, no more occurrence of meetings of meetings at the meeting is available, no more occurrence of meetings at the meeting.
, Weathers, we will see what's in you, you'll see what's in you, you'll see what's in Weathersi.
, on the bus, bus, to the bus, buses.The bus is to the bus.
, Evans. The Evansi. The Evansi.Avansi. Evansi.
, you still want to be a Mustang? Do you want to be a Mustang? If you want to be Mustang? If you want to be Mustang?
, I want to know that I want to. I want to know that I want to.
, but I do not meet physical assumptions, coach. I do not meet physical assumptions, coach.
, Evans, you don't have to be a Mustang, you don't have to be athlete.
, look at me, look at me, and I'm looking at me. Look at me, look at me. Look at me.
, if you have a heart, if you have a heart. If you have a heart. If you have a heart.
I know that you have the hearts, and I know that you have the hearts, you have. I know you have the hearts, and I know you have the hearts.
, we would like a manager of the equipment equipment. It would be a manager for us.
? Do you have no interest in? Do you have no interest? Does you have a lot of interest? Do you have no interest? Does it have any interest?
, you know, yeah! Yeah! Yeah! It's you know, you know, yeah! That's how you know that yeah!
, so go on, go on, so go on, go on, go on, go on, and go.
, it is the ultimate size, but yes, it is a perfect size, but it is an anonymous size, but it is.
, he thought that he would be a good soldier from Peterson. He thought he'd be a good soldier of Peterson would be a good soldier.
, you ran away together because Peterson knew I'd find out you two killed Waters.
, all this is all, thanks. Thank you, thank you, this is all, thanks.
, you're on your backside, you're betting your ass on it, you're betting your ass.
... search for... search!"... search for!  ⁇  searching for...  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇ 
: ladies and gentlemen: ladies and gentlemen: ladies and gentlemen:: ladies and gentlemen:
! The Revolution! The Revolution! Revolution! The Revolution! Revolution! The Revolution! The Revolution!
"We have come here today to discuss things that we say life of life we say"We have come here today to discuss things that we are saying, we have been saying, "We have come here today to discuss things that we say life of life.
"Electrizing word life-life word "Electriating word "Electriating word Life Life Life Life Life Life Elektriving"
"I mean forever and for a long time and for a long time.
, "It's something else. It's something else. It's something else. It's something else. It's something else. It's something else. It's something else. It's something else.
"There's always a sun you can always see the sun's always the sun you can see the sun's always the sun, you can always see the sun's sun, you can always see the sun's sun, and there's always a sunny way to see the sunny way, and you can see the sunny way.
"I know that every Dr. Everything will give everyone to order, I know, "I know, that every Dr. Everything will give everything to all Dr. Everything will be fine, okay, okay, and I know,
"Go ask what he thinks about you, baby Baby, who thinks of you, "Behold what he thinks of you, baby, baby, baby, who thinks of you, who is, in the face of your own.
"In this life, in this life, life in this life, in this life, life in this life, "In this life, in this life, life, the life of the world is in possession of the life of the life."
? Do you want to erase my rock before you take it? Do you want to take it? Do you want to erase my rocket before you take it?
, I'm all the way, and the Jacob.
, nothing too much, nothing much of anything too much, much too much of anything, but much too much.
I'm yellow pipes, and I'm the yellow pipes of the pipes.
, we welcome the warrior with the pale faces of the face of the light warrior.
, I think you've been mistaken to me. I think you've been wrongful of me. I think you've been wrongful of me.
... she's... she's... She's... She's... She's... She's... She's... She's... She's... She's... She's... She's... She's... She's been a...
, of course, the clear-call, clearly. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure.The right thing is to do with the right to be a lot of money.
I am a big warrior, pale face, pale face, I am a big warrior, looking pale face. I am a big warrior, a pale face.
, here you are strong here, you're strong here, you're strong here, you're strong here, you're strong here. Here's a strong here. You're strong here.
, a ruin, a great ruin. Yeah, a ruins, a great ruinsk, a great ruinsk.
, the face is closer than the other white warriors to be stronger than the other white warriors.
, thanks to the thanks to the thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanks. Thanks to the thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanksgiving thanks to the thanksgeneral.
, this is nice of you, it's nice of you, it's nice of you. It's nice of you. It's nice of you. It's nice of you. It's nice. It's you.
, yellow whore knows, you killed 11 of his most brave.
, in support of its claim, has made certain price offers to support its claim, to support its claim, a certain price offer submitted a certain price offer of the offer.
, however, that claim must be rejected, since price offers cannot be taken into account without proving that the transaction had ultimately been carried out.
, in any event, as mentioned in recital (40), the export prices maintained for the calculation of dumping were prices charged by the exporting producer concerned.
prices were verified during the investigation at the premises in the company concerned during the investigation in the company concerned.
: Updated HTML works in Dreamweaver documents other than HTML documents.
, you do it! Make it! Make it! Make it! Make it!
, you come there! get in there! Get in there! Get in there! Get out there! Get out there!
where were they going? Where did they sit? Where did they sit? Where did they sit? Where did they sit? Where did they sit? Where did they sit?
where are they? Where are they? Where are they? Where are they? Where are they? Where are they? Where are they? Where are they? Where are they? Where are they? Are they?
where are they? Where are they? Where are they? Where are they? Where are they? Where are they? Where are they? Where are they? Where are they? Where are they? Are they?
, we're going to find them to find them. Let's find them. Let's find them. We're going to find them. We're going to find them.
, split up, split up, split up, split up, split up.
... into the breast... to the... the finger... to the... to the... to the... to the...Fe... to the...Feat, the...Fellows the...
are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you in order to get a good deal?
, it worked the way it worked, it worked it was working. It was working it. It was working. It was working. It was working. It was working. It was working. It was working. It was working.
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
in order to order? Bookbooks in order to order?
, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. The Yes. The Yes.
, the first owner was able to do this, the first one. It was done, the original owner.
I am now listening, Amadeo, you must enter the calm strength into every breath and decide to fight with this disease and heal yourself.
, you'll put weapons down your weapons.Teave weapons.People's complimentary weapons.People's complimentary weapons.
, we don't plan this in the plan. It's not in the plan. We don't have it in the plan. We don't have it in the plan.
: we will not allow you to take the King Arkon from us. We will not allow you to take the King Ark from us.
, the good king of Arkon is a fraud. The good king of Arkon is a fraud. The good king is a fraud.
, our king is wise. The king is wise.
, he is a scientist. He is a scientist. He is a scientist. He is a scientist. He is a scientist. He is a scientist. He is a scientist. He is a scientist.
, you may be king, but there is no fancestioneer, but there is no fancestione, but there is no fitness.
can only interpret what is written on the walls of the temple nearby the walls. It can only be interpreted as being interpreted as being written on the walls.
, in these letters, prophecy, and anyone who can read can do the same forecasts.
, this is the lie, lying, lying, lying, and that's the lie. It's the lie. It's the lie. It's the lie.
, why don't we go back to the village and let us explain it from King Arkon.
, first, you'll fold weapons, but you're composed of weapons. First of all, you'll compose weapons.
Jack? Jack? Jack? The Jack? The Jack? The Jack? The Jack?
? Daniel? Daniel? Does Daniel? Daniel? Does Daniel? Daniel? The Daniel? The Daniel?
... they're not gonna shoot... they're not gonna shoot... they're not gonna shoot... they're not gonna shoot... aren't they gonna be? They're not? They're not shooting... aren't they?
, I'm sorry to hear it. I'm sorry. It's my sorryness. It's my pleasure. It's the pleasure of the I'm sorry.
, I had failed to be the Selh I had failed to meet I had been defeating. I had failed. I had failed.
, the heart was not sufficiently strong enough to be enough. The heart was not strong enough.
, let me be the desire of me. Let me be the desired. Let me be the desired.
, I'm the one I'm the one I'm the one I'm the one I'm the one. It's me, it's me, it's me. It's me.
, Daniel, Daniel, who, Daniel, Daniel, is a Daniel. Daniel.
? Daniel? Daniel? Does Daniel? Daniel? Does Daniel? Daniel? The Daniel? The Daniel?
, stop, stop, and stop the stop, and stop the stop, and stop the stop, and stop the stop.
, the pain of the pain is stopped, the pain of the pain, the pain is stopped, and the pain is stopped.
how? how? how? How? How? How? How? How? How?How? How?How?How?How?How?How?Atailing How?To do you want to do so, or in the worst case, the Site isolated by the Site of the Site.
... just let me leave. Let me leave. Let me leave. Let me leave. Let me leave. Let me leave. Let me leave. Let me leave.
, not, but, not, but, in the absence of a No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
, I don't want to lose you again. I don't want to lose you again. I don't want to lose you again. I don't want to lose you again. I don't want to lose you again. I don't want to lose you again.
, Daniel, Daniel, who, Daniel, Daniel, is a Daniel. Daniel.
, Daniel, come to me, Daniel, go to me.
, he's dead, he's dead, he's dead. It's dead. It's dead. It's dead. It's dead. It's dead. It's dead. It's dead. It's dead.
, dad, daddy, daddy, you know, daddy, you know, I'm gonna get a lot of stuff in the face of daddy.
, please, please, please, please, raise this, please. Please, please. Please, please. Please.Take this up. Please.Please enter the way.
, Samuel, Samuel. The Samueli Samuel.
, dad, daddy. daddy daddy, daddy. Tati, daddy.
, I found him on the hill... ...and I found him on the hill... ...and I found him on the hill... ...and I found him on the hill... ...and I found him... ...and I found him... ...and I found him... ...and I was... ...a hill... ...in the hill...
, with this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you in order to get a good deal?
, Claire, I didn't do it. I didn't do it. Claire, I didn't do it. I didn't do it.
you murderer, you murderer, you murderer, murderer!
, he's the one he's the one he's the one he's been doing this. It's him, he's the one he's been doing this.
, you brought him here here. You brought him here here here. You brought him here here. You brought him here. You brought him here. You brought him here.
, don't hurt them. Don't hurt them, don't hurt them. Don't hurt them. Don't hurt them.
, we are better than they do, than they do. We are better than they are better than they do. We are better than they do. We are better than they do. We are better than they. We are better than they.
, take him into the house of the mirror of the mirror. Take him to the house, take him to the house of the mirror. Take him to the house.
, Claro! Claro! Claro!, Claro!, Claro!!!!!!!!
, be careful!!!!!!!!Show me, see, beware of the sensor!
in the bathroom is free nosoro ⁇ c! The bathroom is free nasoro ⁇ c!
, how dare you dare? how do you dare? How do you dare to dare?? How do you deny yourself? If you are daring?
, I mean, from the planet's planet, I think, I think, from the planet, I think, of the planet. I think.
, if the dimensions do not change, people, if they don't change, people, unless they change themselves, people, unless they change themselves, people.
, until it turns out, until it turns out, the alien is changed.
, while you watched us naked... what you watched us with the naked...
I thought you were at least a second... ...you thought I was at least a second... ...and you thought I was at least a second... ...and you thought I was at least a second... ...after... ...after... ...after...
? For the attractive??With the attractive?Without attractive?? Does it attractive???
, there is a certain attractiveness here, is clear, there is a certain attractiveness.
what is the word... gravity field... the gravity field... the gravity field... the gravity field is what it is.
Hah Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Hah! Hah! Hah Hah! Hah Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha! Hah! Hah! Hah! Hah! Hah! Hah! Hah! Hah! Hah! Hah! Hah! Hah! Hah! Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha! Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha! Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha! Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha!
ing you're a horrible funny thing, you're a horrible funny. It's a lot of fun. It's a lot of fun.
, I know what you've been doing. I know what you're doing. I know, Hero, I know what you're doing.
Mr.  ⁇ Igby, so at least in Paris all said, was Anglian, met him first at Dupuy and then one evening he found him in another salon.
, perhaps, fifteen years old, when Duke of Bouquinquant proved that the English might have a roman en test and be able to be the madness of the madness.
, they told him that they had a beautiful and proud queen in France, and he created a dream and he sacrificed his life and even died for him.
he had lived on the ship, whose loved ones had built the altar.
, when it came to know that, in the course of the Bouquinquant's mandate, sometimes before twelve years old, he was a pirate in the sea, fighting against Spain, all the Paris precision began to consider him as a charming man.
in the Dupuy circle of England, they were not particularly popular, there were a kind of figure that had been Robertus and Flutibus, Medicalinae Doctor, Eques Auratus and Oxford Harmiger, which had been a number of pamfles in which he had been criticized by the nature.
, if the normal day is today, nothing special is happening to be a day, there is nothing special.
...But... But... But... But... But... But... But... But... But... But... But... But... But... But... But... But... But... A... A...At a...Seaturing the...
I forgot that today was an extremely unhappy day today. I forgot that today is an extremely unhappy day.
, it sounds crazy... but I'm gonna die... but I'm gonna die mad... but I'll die, but I'll die. I'll die.
, it's here, it's here, it's here, it's here, it's here. It's here. It's here. It's here. It's here. It's here. It's here. It's here. It's here.
I'd have been getting it, I'd just come up earlier. If I knew it, I'd get up earlier. I'd get it, I'd get up earlier.
I wouldn't come late. I wouldn't come late. I wouldn't come late. I wouldn't come late. I wouldn't come late. I wouldn't come late. I wouldn't come late.
I wouldn't let them go with guys. I wouldn't let them off. I wouldn't let them match the guys.
, and this should have been the day of the day... ...and it should be HEALTH... ...and this should be the day... ...to be the day of the day... ...to be HEALTH... ...the day... ...and the day... ...to be...
you're gonna get a lot of money. Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
? Do you blind or what?! Do you blind or what?! Do you have blind or what?!
! excuse yourself!! excuse me!! excuse me!
, excuse me!!! excuse me now!!!!!!! Now, excuse yourself immediately!
, I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
who was fucked? Who'd she fucked? Who'd she fucked? She fucked? She fucked?
, with a no one with anyone who has a niche, with a niche, a niche.
, nine, eight, eight, eight, eight, nine, eight...
, jaw-subs, jaws.
, that name speaks for everything, he speaks for everything, and he speaks for everything. It speaks for everything. It speaks for everything. It speaks for everything.
, the morning, Reagan's middle middle-aged middle-aged morning, Reagan's Reagan's Reagan.
... ...then will be held... ...torrow in two hours at the cemetery at Cloverdale.
... ...Mrk, our advisor, will be available... ...to those who are suffering anxiety.
, I feel with you all. I feel with you all. I feel with you all. I feel with you all. I feel with you all. I feel with you all. I feel with you all. I feel you, I feel like I am feeling with you, I feel like, uh, I feel like, uh, I feel like, uh, you know, I feel like, a lot of money.
, tragic, tragic, tragic, tragic, tragic. The tragic.
beautiful and charming girl like Elizabeth Purra... ...soude of such fate.
I don't know what I'm going to do. If I'm at the stake, I don't know what I'm going to do.
, it's gonna be okay, it's gonna be okay, it's gonna be okay, it's gonna be okay. It's gonna be okay. It's gonna be okay. It's gonna be okay. It's gonna be OK.
, she told the neighbour that she saw... ...the day, the girl with the apprenticeship of the house in 15:30.
I asked him what he was thinking about the eternal "stromes" and why he still grandson me, and my surprise told me that I had said that I had come to Pavels last to look at trees.
I will come out of this hole and then I will take care of the Great Ed. I will take care of the Great Ed.
? Do you let him live so long? Do you let him live this long? Do you let him live? So long? Do you let him live? You leave him live? So long? Do you leave him live?
, Cody, Cody, Cody, Cody, Cody, Cody, Cody, and Cody.
I'll take care of him, I'll take care of him. I'll take care of him. I'll take care of him. I'll take care of him. I'll take care of him.
, Mom, Mom, I'm not, Mom, Mom, Mum, Mummy, who's been a bitter, and I'm not going to be able to do so.
, when he did this thing, he must not pass through it.
, Mom, Mom, I'm not, Mom, Mom, Mum, Mummy, who's been a bitter, and I'm not going to be able to do so.
I go after him to not deal with your murder here. I go to the house to keep your murder here, I go to him, and I go to keep your job in order to keep your murder here.
, I say, I'm saying you're not doing it. I'm saying you're not doing it. I'm saying you don't do it. I'm saying you don't do it.
, Cody, Cody, Cody, and Cody, is a mess of the Cody.
! Mom! Mom! Mummy!Mom! Mummy!Mom!Ma!Ma!Ma!Ma!Ma!Ma!Ma!Ma!Ma!Ma!
, what is it, Parker, Parker,? What is it? What is, Parker, Parker? What is it?
at least yet, at least so far, at least now, at least now, at least now, at least now, at least so far.The at least of the time is to be able to make sure that at least.
, but in the night, you'll be... to sweat horror for me... to sweat horror.
, I'll take care of the Great Ed. I'll take care of the Great Ed. I'll take care of the Great Ed.
he saw it? he saw it? he saw it?He saw it?He saw it?He saw it?He saw it? Was he seeing it?He saw it?
, not quite entirely, not entirely, but not entirely, completely, completely, a completely-filled, totally-faced. It is a very good idea that you can do so.
, guy?  ⁇ s a guy?  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  
, please enter the door, please, please enter the door, please enter the door, please enter the door, please.Please enter the door.
, Sheriff Althea Jarry, is the sheriff of Althea Jarry.
, Jax Teller. Jax Teller. Jax Teller. Jax Teller. Jax Teller. Jax Teller.
, Chibs. Chibs. Chibs. The Chibs. Chibs.
, I didn't know it was a family business, it was a family business. I didn't know it was a family business. I didn't know it was a family business.
, I know. - this is not staying here. It's not getting there. I know. - this is not happening here. It's not getting there. It's not getting there.
, we are going to be here a legal and quiet business.We are doing a peaceful and quiet business here.We are doing a legally and quiet business here.We are doing justice.
! I'm goddess! I'm rich! I'm rich! I'm afraid! I'm afraid! I'm afraid! I'm afraid! I'm afraid!
how did you come to it? How did you come to it? How did you come to it? How did you come to it? What did you find it?
, I've been Boxing I've been Boxing I've Boxed I've Boxed I've Boxed. I've been fighting. I've been Boxing I've been fighting.
won? won the winner? The winner of the winning?
, Madam, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
what will you get for winning? What do you get for the win? What do you get for the win? What do you get for the win?
, the Respect. It's a despect.
why do you have to fight fists to get respect?
, and they made me the cook and not just it, and not just they made me a cook and not just it. They made me the chef and they did me. They did me the chef and not only it.
I'm going to clean up after the other seafarers eat. I'm going to cleanse after the other seafarers eat.
two years and the Navy had not let me fire me out of the weapons.
, be careful, Millere officer.
, he taught me to fly. He taught me to fly. He taught me to fly.
he'll be there with me there with me. He'll be there with me there with me.He'll be with me there with me. It'll be with me.
I was always forced to be better and faster. I was always more intensely forced to be better and faster.
, Downing and Gates and Downtowns and Gates.Downing and Gates.Downing and Gates.
, we must let them go there. We have to let them go there. We have to let them go there. We have to leave them there. We have to leave them there. We have to leave them there.
, Downing and Gates, we have a marching band... ...and Downtown and Gates... ...and we have a marching band... ...and we have a marching band... ...and...
, put your hands up the hands upstairs, put your hands up, up the hands up, and put your hands up, and put your hands up.
, put your hands up the hands upstairs, put your hands up, up the hands up, and put your hands up, and put your hands up.
, and now no one else comes before Kan-Easy, and now comes now, coming, but no one else is coming to Kan-Easy, but no one else comes to Kan-Easy, who is coming, and now, moreover, Kan-Easy,
Kanye West. AKAKA Kanye West. The West.AKAKA Kanye West.
, so, so, so, so, so, so, the well, so, so, so, the well, so that you can do so, the well-being of the way.
failure to impose a lack of access rights due to lack of access rights.
, you must have the right to the administrator's administrator's right to have the administrator's right. You have to have the right to be a manager.
data loss probably occurred, probably, the loss of data was lost.
(Coba  ⁇  %1!lx!) (Choba  ⁇  %1!lx!) (Choba  ⁇  %1!lx!)
, , the principles of imposing the storage of the principles of storage of the principles of storage of the storage of the principles of the storage of the storage of the principles of the storage of the storage of the principles of storage of storage
, the opening of the Unwireless Network Storage has not succeeded in opening the Unwireless Network Storage.
, there was no driver for the Domain, no domain controller for the domain.
, the opening of the Unwireless Network Storage has not succeeded in opening the Unwireless Network Storage.
was not possible to communicate with Active Directory services. It was not possible to communicate with Active Directory Services.
creation of a wireless network storage policy has not been successful.
, you probably do not have access rights to management law, probably have access to the administration right.
opening the Unwireless Network Storage has not been able to achieve insufficient access rights due to the lack of access rights.
, you must be the manager to be a manager. You must be the manager to be a manager.You must be a manager. You must be a manager. You must be a manager.
, the opening of the Unwireless Network Storage has not succeeded in opening the Unwireless Network Storage.
error occurred: %1 error occurred: %1%1 missed: %1 has occurred following error: %1%1+1 ⁇ 1 ⁇ 1 ⁇ 
, he had a map of the map, and he had a map of the map. It had a map. It had a map. It had a map.
, as if everything was okay? Does it seem like it's all right? Does it sound like it's all right?
your master will kill like you if you do not let us do so. Your master will kill us, like you, if you do not let us do so.
partner countries of the European Neighbourhood Policy from Eastern Europe and South Caucasus 2.2.1.
framework for dialogue The framework for relations with Eastern Europe countries and the southern Caucasus is a European Neighbourhood Policy.
, although cooperation on migration, visa issues, asylum policy, border management and other related economic and social issues do not indirectly mention partnership agreements and cooperation agreements which form the legal basis of the EC Treaty with these countries, these topics are also included in all European Neighbourhood Action Plans, which were negotiated with the Eastern Partners.
Some of these partner countries also have their own national action programmes in this context. Some of these partners have their own national action programmes in national action programmes in this context.
, in the case of Ukraine, there is a special action plan for justice, freedom and security, which corresponds to parts relating to this area in action plans negotiated with Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and Moldova, and the Commission also cooperates with Ukraine on the basis of assessments based on the results of the Action Plan on Justice, freedom and security, which is directed by the point.
on migration issues, it is already discussed with Moldova and Ukraine in relevant subcommittees, and is also discussed at regular meetings of the EU-Ukraine for justice, security and justice, as well as meetings of the Cooperation Committee and Cooperation Council.
similar approach follows in the case of three countries of Southern Caucasus whose action plans were adopted in November 2006.
dialogue and cooperation with individual countries is progressing different rates, according to their ability, size (which is particularly applicable in Ukraine) and situations.
Although Belarus is a special case[7], technical cooperation on border policy issues, migration and organised crime may be possible on the basis of contacts with Belarusian representatives at work and regional dialogue and regional programmes under regional dialogue.
contains a non-automated file, all documents from a body that has been transmitted, and all their copies shall be destroyed when the last automatic data is expired in the file is stored.
, the conflicts of his blade were caught into Doon, that Perg couldn't count.
, so, who goes, will risk being no longer returns. It will be the one who will go, and he will risk being unable to return.
? So long would it take us to get Jumper before we get to you.
, if you need to do it? If you need to do it, do you do it? If you do it, do it? If you do it, do it? If you do it? If you do it? If you do it?
. We start working on DHD. We start talking. We start working on DHD.
? Are you sure, Rodney? Are you sure, Rodney? Does it make sure of Rodney?
! We can show you it! We can show you it! We can show you it! We can show you it! We can show you it!
you're totally impossible!You're totally impossible!You're totally impossible!You're totally impossible!You're totally impossible!
? Prepareation? Prepareation? Prepareation? Preparer? Preparer? Prepare: Prepare?
, wait, please wait! wait! wait! Please wait! Please wait! wait! Please wait!Forgottening!
I'm next to me, next to me, I'm next to me, next to me, I'm in the next door, next to me. I'm next to me. I'm beside me. I'm beside me.
, Carmen?More Carmen?Memen?Moren't Carmen?Memen?More? Carmen?
, you know, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well.The well-being well.
! Sofa, shouting!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
, thanks to you, thanks to you, thanks to you, thanks to you, thanks to you, thanks to you. Thank you, Mr. Saviour, I will be happy to see you.
, Mr Infieldde, is admirable, Mr. Infieldde.
, however, that nonsense, although the poisonous, does not affect my ability to work.
, you're sure, honesty? Does it make sure, fairness?
, because I see the rush veins on your neck. I see the rising veins on your neck.
ing fans, culminating like sulphuric acid, is old as a game, so tell your client, whether he pulls his nerves from the pound and plays rather baseball.
and that is your request for a court order... ...he refuses to ask for a court order... ...to reject your request... ...to reject your request for a court order.
is the code for your safety, if you can't say something in the case of official investigation. It's a code for your safety, if you can't tell something about official investigation.
? We're getting closer.  ⁇  We're getting closer.  ⁇  We're really coming.  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  
someone? Well, someone? Well, someone? Well, someone? Well, someone? Well, then, someone? Well, then, someone? Well, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
, it's fun, it's fun, it's fun, it's fun. It's fun. It's fun. It's fun. It's fun. It's a lot of fun. It's a lot of fun.
, you're not quite happy, you don't have any idea, do you?
I have a wife and children. I have accounts. I have accounts. I have my wife and children. I have accounts. I have accounts. I have accounts. I have accounts. I have accounts. I have accounts.
, my mother, you have met my mother, you have met. And you have met my mother, you have met.
, Dean, all you just said is the utter truth. It's the utter truth.
?Dane, Dean, Dean, can we get a Dean?
in's magic. - No!!!!!!!!
, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. The Yes. The Yes.
how is Kevin a prophet when Chuck is a prophet?
, Kevin, as you see here, our relationship has been a lot simpler now. So, Kevin, Kevin, as you see here, our relationship has been here, and now has been simplified about many.
I can do a lot, for a brave boy, like you, you're a good guy, I can do a lot, for a brave boy, like you.
"Demonic influence on the overall spirit history."The demons influence on the overall history of the soul."
... spit out. - Yeah! Do you have it? Do you have it?
, I told you that Weiss found the bomb in Harlem? - Yeah. - Did they find her in Chinatown.
I didn't call her anymore. - How long is it? - How long? I didn't call her anymore. - How is it? - How long?
where did it fall? Where did it fall? Where did it fall? Where did it fall? Where did it fall? Where did it fall? Where did it fall? Where did it fall?
. Check the machine. - There's no time for it. - There's no time for it. - There's no time.
! damn it!!! damn it!!!!!!!!!Damn!!!!Damn the damn!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!! - fuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fucking!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast!! quick, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast!!! quick, fast!! quick!! quick!! quick! quick!! quick!
!! damn it! Damn it!! Damn it!! Damn it!! Damn it!! Damn it!! Damn it!! Damn it!
, go, damn it!!, damn it!!!, go, damn it, the shakera, the shaft!
! Well!  ⁇  Well!  ⁇  Well!  ⁇  Well!  ⁇  Well!  ⁇  Well!  ⁇   ⁇  Well!  ⁇   ⁇  Well!  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  Well!  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  Well  ⁇   ⁇  Well  ⁇   ⁇  Well  ⁇   ⁇  Well  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  Well  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  Well  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  Well  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  Well  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  Well  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  Well!  ⁇   ⁇  Well!  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  Well!  ⁇  Well  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  Well!  ⁇   ⁇  Well!  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  Well!  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  
!! Be careful! Take care! Take care! Take care! View! Take care! View! View! View! View! View! View! View!
, finally, you get to get, but now they have too much work with this rescue operation.
you singed here, and Hard Rain's Gonna Fall.
, even it can be based on your feelings of atomic rain. It can even be based on your feelings of atomic rain.
, not atomic rain, that was someone else thought, too. It was not a nuclear rain, that was not someone else, but it was someone else.
's not a atomic rain. It's not an atomic rain. It's not an atomic rain. It's not atomic rain. It's not atomic rain.
, continue to go on, continue to go on.Peopleize the continuation of the Continue.Please continue. Join us.
, it's only a thick rain of rain. It's just a thick rain rain. It's just a thick rain. It's just a thick rain. It's just a thick rain.
to fight Dopping Dopping remains a serious threat for sporting serious threats.
use of doping substances in the event of non-professional athletes is a serious threat to public health and requires preventive measures, including setting up a centre for the retreating good physical condition.
prevention and disabilities in the field of doping are falling within the competence of sport organisations and Member States' competences.
, the Commission supports the fight against doping and important role of the World Antidoping Agency, National Antidopying Organisations, the accredited laboratories, the Council of Europe and UNESCO organisations.
, the Commission also welcomes the fact that national anti-doping organisations are increasingly organised as independent authorities, more often, the national antidopying organisations are organised as independent authorities.
Member States shall take the view to adopt and share national anti-doping action plans aimed at ensuring coordination between all relevant sectors.
Many stakeholders are required to take more active access from the EU to fight doping, the example of the adoption by Antidoping Convention of Europe, if this competences in this area enable the Union.
impacts should be assessed, which should be granted by the Union’s powers under Article 165 TFEU, as regards the representation of the EU in the framework of the management structures of the World Antidoping Agency.
, the Commission stresses the need for anti-doping rules and procedures that would be consistent with EU legislation in respect of respect of fundamental rights and principles such as respect for private and family life, protection of personal data and the right to a fair trial and the presumption of innocence.
any restrictions on the exercise of such rights and freedoms must be given by law and respect the essence of those rights and the principle of proportionality.
, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
, I can't help you, I can't help you to help you, I can't help you, I can't help you, but I can't help you, but I can't help you, but I can't help you.
, Steve, you don't have a pen? Do you have a pen? Maybe you have a pen? Maybe you have a pen?
, look, remember, whether it's, so my feelings are.
, you're so sensitive? You're so sensitive? You're so sensitive? You're so sensitive? You're so sensitive? You're so sensitive?
are you looking regularly here? I'm here? I'm here? I'm staying here? I'm staying here? I'm staying here? I'm here? I'm here? I'm talking about to get married.
? Yeah? Yeah? Yeah? Yeah? Yeah? Yeah? Yeah? Yeah? Yeah? Yeah? Yeah? Yeah? Yeah? Yeah? Yeah? Yeah? Yeah?
who worked here two days ago? Who was working here? Who had been working here two days ago? Who worked here for two days ago? Who worked here for two days ago? Who worked here two days ago?
, I can't remember, I can't remember. I can't remember. I can't remember. I can't remember. I can't remember. I can't remember.
, thanks to your help, for your help, you'll be able to help you for your help. Thanks to your help.
, and behind the water behind the water, and behind the water behind the water behind the water. It is the water behind it.
? Do you have something to do something? Do you have something to do? Do you have something? Do you have something? Do you have something? Does it have something?
, the number of numbers, number, and number, number, and number, and number.
! Only women and children! Only women and children!!!!Remand! Only women and children! Only leave! Only women and children!
. We have our best clothes and die like gentlemen, like jentlmeni.
, we would like to get brandy, we would like to have a brandy. We would like to have a brandy. We would like to have a brandy. We would like to have a brand.
? Captain Captain, where should I go? Where should I go?
, there's a tube of tiddy tudy here, and there's a tube of tutorism.
!! You'll return us!! You'll return us!! Do you return us!! Do you return us!! Get us!!! Get us out!!
, I will not go through the valley of the shadows of death, I will not go. I will go through the valley of the death of the death of the valley, I will not be afraid.
, could you go a little faster by the valley? Could you go a little faster, you could not go a little faster, you could go a little faster, the valley?!
, Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack!!!!Jack!!!Jack!!!Jack!!!!Jack!
, they had to come... because of the water's warming, but... they'd come back back. They had to come back... for the water's faith, but... they'd come back back.
, you're going on slowly down the way down slowly down the way ahead. Be slowly down the way to go slowly down.
? I'm heard by someone? Does someone hear me? Someone hear me? Someone hear me? Someone hear me? Someone hear me? Someone hear me? Someone hear me?
, Jack, Jack, Jack, who is a jacket of Jack. Jack. Jack Jack.Jack. Jack.Jack.Jack.
!" Gimli shouted, "Now!" Gimli shouted.
, Legolas!" he said, "Legolas!"; "Stop him, Halt him, Legolas!"
I said, "I didn't say I wanted to talk to you?" said the old man.
"Go away the bow, Master Elves!", "Go away the bow, the Master of Elves!"
Luke and arrows fell from the hands and arms of Legolas, and his arms fell freely under his side.
"And you, Master Dwarf, please don't touch the tops of the skies until I'm upstairs.
, you will not need such arguments."You will not need such arguments."You will not need such arguments."You will not need such arguments."You will not need such arguments."
Gimli had jerked and stared, while the old man had jumped up the gross stairs as a crook.
, as if all fatigue had left him all the fatigue left him. She had left him all the fatigue.
how much was it you?What was it?How much was it you?How much was it you?How much was it you?What was you?
, let's say, that enough old enough to teach her and young enough to do it not bother me.
, you know, Fujujujujujtejujejuje fujujujejuje fujujuje.
I loved her, I loved her, I loved her. I loved her. I loved her. I loved her. I loved her. I loved her. I loved her.
, and then I grew up... ...and then she grew me... ...and then she grew up... ...and then she grew me... ...and then she grew up... ...and then she grew me... ...and then... ...and she grew up... ...and I was... ...after she was... ...after she had a... ...after she had been... ...after she had been... ...after she had been a... ...after she had... ...after she had... ...after she had grown me... ...after... ...after she had grown me... ...after... ...after she... ...after... ...after she had... ...after... ...after she... ...a... ...a... ...after she... ...after she had grown me... ...after she had grown me... ...a... ...after she had grown me... ...a... ...after she... ...a... ...a... ...a... ...a... ...a... ...after she... ...a... ...a... ...a... ...a... ...a... ...after she had grown me... ...after she had grown me... ...after she had grown me... ...after she had grown me... ...a... ...a... ...a... ...after she had grown me... ...after she had grown me... ...a... ...a... ...a... ...
, and then she left her way away. She went off and then went away. She went away. She went away. She went away. She went away.
, but she returned to her return, but she returned to return.
, as "Lolites."It's like "Lolites."It's both of the "Lolites."It's both of the "Lolites."
, I'm not going anywhere without her, I'm going to go anywhere without her. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere else. I'm going to go anywhere. I'm not going anywhere.
, there's this one's this one. It's there, there's this one. It's this. It's this. It's the same. It's the one that's the one that's gonna be.
, thanks to the thanks to the thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanks. Thanks to the thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanksgiving thanks to the thanksgeneral.
, Nancy!! Nancy!! Nancy!!!! Nancy!!!!!Nancy!
, what did you do what I told you? Did you do what I told you? What did I tell you? Do you do what I told you? I did? What I told you?
where is a little small where it's a little? Where's the little one where he's a little? Where's he? Where's he's a little?
47 The applicants are confined to the fact that, in the form of assertions, the applicants dispute that assessment of the facts.
, they do not submit any indication that the Court of First Instance distorted the evidence that it was submitted to him.
, in any event, the Court of First Instance had to conclude from the absence of a complaint from the competing undertaking that the objectives pursued by the Commission were different than claimed.
48 It follows that the ground of appeal alleging abuse of powers must be rejected. 48 It follows that the ground of appeal alleging the abuse of the power must be rejected.
49 As regards the grounds of appeal alleging the failure to state reasons under appeal in that paragraph, it must be held that Ramondín did not, in his appeal, did not take it.
, in accordance with Article 42(2) and Article 118 of the Rules of Procedure of the Court of Justice, that reason is inadmissible on the basis of Article 42(2) and Article 118 of the Rules of Procedure of the Court.
he didn't stop talking yet. He didn't stop talking yet. And he didn't stop talking yet. He didn't stop talking yet. He didn't stop talking.
, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true. It's not true. It's not true. It's not true. It's not true. It's not true. It's not true.
, it is necessary to admit it now. It is necessary to confess. It is now necessary to confess. It is necessary to confess.
how could Zadovsky... ...to admit things that might be the head of?
, to save his life. He knows that he is only one choice: confession. He knows he is just one choice: a confession.
I don't have anything I would admit to what I would confess. I have nothing to do with what I would admit.
, and don't talk to him like this. Not to speak to him like this. Not to speak to him like this. Not to speak to him like this. Not to him like this.
, it's not a court, but a traitor, but it's a court, but it's a traitor, but it's a traitor. It's not a court, but a traitor.
, you go, go and go. Go to the Jedge.Teep the rush of the Junior.
, my party, my friends, comrade, comrades, comrades, and I left the party, my friends, the courtruzi.
I responded to the same... ...in the Rajk processes.
what communist would he have been afraid of? What would he do?
how to understand that the party who is unharmful, ... ... can he be forced to grant innocent to the confession?
we will do everything to reveal your treason against the side and the people. We will make everything we do to reveal your treason to the people and the people.
, he knew the contacts at American spies at the American spies.
, assisted by the help of the help of the help of the help of the assistance, and assisted by the help of the assistance of the assistance of the assistance of the assistance of the assistance of the assistance of the assistance of the assistance of the assistance of the assistance of the assistance of the assistance of the assistance.
, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true. It's not true. It's not true. It's not true. It's not true. It's not true. It's not true.
? Are you Mr Sparrow? Are you Mr Sparrow? Are you Mr Sparrow? Are you Mr Sparrow? Are you Mr Sparrow?
, there's a tube of tiddy tudy here, and there's a tube of tutorism.
, that was the way, what? What was the way, was it, the way that was? That was the way, was it? What? What was the way, was it?
, perhaps, you will convince your daughter and her husband to give up to the daughter and her husband to give up.
, I fear not only our husband security, but I honestly say about their lives, but I am afraid of their own safety, but I am afraid of their own life.
, why did I have to tell you? Why did I have to tell you? Why did I have to tell you? I had to tell you? I had to tell you? I had to tell you?
, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. The Yes. The Yes.
, when you're ready, press the black button here. Here's the black button here.
, when you're ready, just talk a normal voice, just speak with a normal voice.
... ...this button and speak the button and speak.
, tell what you think is right. Tell what you think is right. It's right.
, your dad speaks to your daddy's talking to your daddy's talking to your daddy's talking. He's talking to your dad. He's talking to your dad.
, poor mom is dead and not seeing how you ended up. It's well that poor mom's death is, and she's not seeing how you're finished.
, we can worry about the corrections of her overheated. We can worry about it, we can worry about it, with the correcting of her overheaters.
? And you don't worry about the transfer of the power of Prince Wu? Do you have no concern about the transfer of the power of Prince Wu?
, when Kuvira opened her eyes to the Earth Kingdom, she knew that her position was not stable.
, she gave me her word that she would then withdraw. She would then withdraw my word.
I would feel much better if there were Korra. I would feel much better if Korra was here.
I have to help you get back to the form to make my job Avatar again. You have to help me get back to the form to make me work again to do the Avalator's work.
I'm getting hard to ass from all the stupid bastards across the Earth's Kingdom. I'm getting tough to get my ass from all the stupid shit across the Earth's Kingdom.
, the world needs me to be needed by the world needs me, and the world needs me, and it needs me. It needs me. It needs me. It needs me. It needs me.
, remember, remember, you're gonna remember, and remember, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you're gonna get married.
, the world doesn't need you a little bit, or it doesn't need you a little bit. It doesn't need you to get a little bit.
I stopped a few really evil people before the real evil things were real bad. But when I was Avatar, I stopped Avalam, I stopped a few really bad people before the real evil things were done.
I was a police chief in the Republic City, hard to make me send all criminals behind the bars.
? No. No. But he disappeared, but he disappeared the crime? No.
, if one thing I learned on the street is that names are changing, but the streets remain the same.
, you say, you say everything I have achieved has been totally useless. So, you say, you say, all that I have achieved was totally useless.
, in order to reduce the deficit as soon as possible under 3 % of GDP, Cyprus is ready to adopt additional consolidation measures.
, in particular, in the case of lower income or higher social expenditure, due to adverse macroeconomic effects, the government is prepared to take additional measures to maintain the programme objectives, including reducing discretionary expenditure, while minimising the impact on the disadvantaged population groups.
revenue exceeding the programme forecasts, including any unexpected profits, shall be used to increase savings or reduce debt reduction during the programming period.
, if the better results are achieved, as a result, can be seen as permanent, the need for additional measures in recent years may be reduced.
, you're not forgetting it too. Don't forget it too, too, forget it too.
sleeping well? Did you sleep well? Did you sleep well? Did you sleep well? Did you sleep well? Did you sleep well? Did you sleep well?
where is Pazu? Where is Pazu? Where is Pazu? Where is Pazu? Where is Pazu? Where is Pazu? Where is Paza? Where is Paza?
, I want to see him! I want to see him! I want to see him! I want to see him! I want to see him! I want to see him! I want to see him!
? Do you like the latest fashion? Do you like the latest fashion? Does you like the latest? If you like the latest fashion?
, don't worry, you're afraid of it. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it.
, he has his head more than I have, than I do. He has a harder head than I have.
, here's something I want to show you here is something I want to show you. I want to show you something I want to show you.
, go inside inside, go inside and inside the inside, go inside and inside the inside, and go inside.
what is it... what is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it?
it has terrible power to destroy the power of it. It has terrible destruction, it has terrible power. It has terrible power. It has terrible destruction.
, it's a soldier robot robot. It's a robot soldier. It's a robot soldier robot. It's a robot soldier. It's a robot.
if this guy had not fallen out of the sky, nobody would believe in Laputa in Laputa.
, this was not made anywhere on the ground surface. It was not made anywhere on the ground floor surface.
, you can't imagine the strength you can't imagine. It's the power you can't imagine. You can't imagine, or you can't imagine.
links can be found on the same website.The other links can be found on the same website.The same website can be found on the same website.
[4] Commission Staff Working Document [...][4][4] Working document of the Commission services [...][...][...][...]] Working documentary document of the Commission services [...]].[...]].
(6) [5] SEAK (2007) 1278 of 10 October 2007, Action 4.6., p. 16.
(6) Regulation (EC) No 1013/2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2006 on the transport of waste, OJ L 190, 12.7.2006, p. 1 (the ‘gas transport Regulation’).
, the PS October 2008 was not invented by the 2008 PS October 2008.
Primary Salado (% of GDP) (% of GDP) Primary Salado (% of GDP) (% of GDP)
, though he didn't want to cry again, he couldn't prevent it from being able to defend himself.
, you know, the ticking of the pressing of the pressures, the tickets of the ticket.
in the newspaper, the article is about it. It is an article about it in the paper. It is an article about it. It is an article about it. It is an article about it.
, if he had flying with others like United, TWA, Conano, Eastern...
, the newspaper of this clown love the clowns love the love of it.
... James Bond. James Bond. . . . . James Bond. . . . . James Bond. . . . . . . James Bond.
? Tell me Jil, why does it do it? Tell me Jil why does it do it? Tell me Jil why does it do it?
, you've been pretty overheated pretty much. It's pretty much overgrown. You've been pretty overgrown by this. You've been doing this.
where did you put your mind? Where did you go? Where did you go? Where did you have reason to go? Where did you have reason? Where did you have a reason to go?
where's your courage? Where's your courage? Where's your courage? Where's your courage? Where's your courage? Where's your courage?
I'm trying to get something big here about something big, I'm trying to get a bit of a big deal. I'm trying to get a bit of a big deal.
, you know what I'm talking about. I'm talking about. I'm talking about. I'm talking about. I'm talking about.
, when you behave like that, how can I rely on you? If you behave like this, how can I rely on you? I can rely on you?
if you want to go with me, he will have to be after my own.
I understand my situation, I answer for thousands of people. I understand my situation, I'm responsible for thousands of people.
, the company will pass through $100 million in a year. $100 million will pass through the fund for a year.The fund will pass through $100 million.
I will have problems if I have problems, they will have others. They will also have others.
! forget the stupid license to the stupid license.
, when I hang out my flag, you're not gonna need a licensee here, you'll not need your flag, you'll need a licensee.
I don't know why, but the more I talk to you, the more I think you don't want to do with me.
, I don't want to go into it. I don't want to go into it. I don't want to go into it. I don't want to go into it. I don't want to go into it.
, I don't want to have anything to do with it, do you understand? I don't want to have anything to do with it, you understand? Do you understand?
[7] PriceWaterhouseCoopersAdvisory: The impact assessment study on noise reduction measures aimed at existing car parks.
, Final Report, December 2007.http://ec.europa.eu/transport/rail/studies/index_en.htm.
: [8] Type-type scraps are made of organic composite composite material and have different braking properties compared to traditional scraps.
, so much that we can break it up, we can do it. We can break it up, so much that we can do it.
, he said that the bank purchases the naviga ⁇ ní system for hundreds of millions ⁇ .
what do they do? What do they do? They do what they do? They do? They do what they do? They do? They do? They do? They do what they do?
, so well, so well, so well, so well, well, well so well, well, well-being well, so well. The well-being of the well-being of the well-being.
I heard the car coming, so I went to look at the window. I heard the car coming, so I went to see the window.
, as all of you have sat down! And as they sat around you! They all sat down! And as they sat around you! They sat down around you!
I go down the street, people look at me and say, "This is Roy Hobbs. He's the best."
I had been 1 6 years before I got here. I took 1 6 years before I got here.
, I don't know where the water comes, but... but... I don't know where the water comes from, but...
? "What is the loss?" "What is the loss?"
, sit on your ass and watch out. Leather swing with the fungi...
. Move. Move! Move! Move! Move! Move! Move! Move! Move! Move! Move! Move! Move! Move! Move! Move! Move!
MacBride gave him a quick and strong hill to the inside corner.
you go down on the courtyard, take the really good piece of wood - and we make it together. Go down to the courtyard, take it there, and take it together.
in response to the accusations of Max Mercy, Wonderboy is an unregulatory bat, Commissioner Gates declared.
, Abel goes to the 2nd square, Fowler is trying to defend himself from the other side of the Fowler.
Bumman Bailey died after the impact on the right field, when he caught the ball.
what's this worrying in your head? What's this worrying about in your head? What's the way it's gonna be? What's the horrible thing in your head?
! It's incredible! It's incredible! It's incredible! It's incredible! It's incredible! It's incredible! It's incredible!
, "Surely, "Surely. "Surely. "Surely. "Surely. "Surely. "Surely. "Surely. "Surely.
ing in the event you need to feel the action... you need to feel the action...
Theo will have a tracking system on the spot. So we need a signal disturbance. We need a signal disturbance.
, and safe broadcasts, whether we're gonna make a good deal.
is the only option of command, but there is every piece of a computer, - When we say something, Theo will find out.
, can you put me a drink? Can you give me a drink? If you can drink me, can you can drink me? If you can get a drink?
, thanks to the thanks to the thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanks. Thanks to the thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanksgiving thanks to the thanksgeneral.
, I know what Theo wants, and I know what Mark wants. I know what Mark wants. I know what Theo wants, and I know what Mark wants.
, I'm not sure for you. I'm not sure about you. I'm not sure about you. I'm not sure about you. I'm not sure.
he killed his wife, almost killed his children, almost killed his children. He killed his wife, almost killed his children, killed his wife, almost killed his children.
, how do you think you have a chance? Do you think you have a chance? If you have a chance? If you have a chance?
what's going on? What's it for you? What's it for you? What's it for you? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on?
, you're sailing in aquarium with two sharks.
I think Kyle didn't want this for you, Kyle didn't want to do this for you. I think Kyle didn't want to do this for you.
, you think I'm gonna break up and let you just because you mentioned Kyle?
I'm better for you than any of the two of the two. I'm better for you than any of the two of them, I'm better for you than any of the two of them.
what will I have? What will I have? What will I have? I have? What will I have? I have? I will do? I have to do this?
, next time, no doubt, or, no more, or, next time, no more, nor, do you. If you do so, you'll be sure to be afraid.
, Mr. Christ, Lord, Lord, Christ, Lord, Christ, Lord, Christ, Lord, Lord, Christ.
, not, not, not, but not, not, but not, but not.
, home we have fish enough fish. We have a fish in our own way.
, taste the tastes of taste.Perhaps you taste the taste of tasting.
do they burn it? It burns it? It burns it? It burns it? It burns it? It burns? It burns? It burns? It burns?
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
, good, that? - Good, right, that? - Good, that? - That's how to do so? - What? - What? - What? - What's the difference?
, let's just get a bit of a kind, give yourself a drinker, and give yourself a gift from you.
, I'm full! I'm full of! I'm full! I'm full! I'm full! I'm full! I'm full!
either a couple of dads too. Give a couple of dads too. Also give a couple of dads too. Also give a couple of dads. Also give a couple of dads.
we should also grate the tie of the tie. We should also have to do the tutorial.
, one day, and there will be worms in it, and there will be worms in it, and they will be worms in it, and they will be worms in it.
, Sung-hee, come here here, come here, Sung-hee, come here.
"meter of emissions" means the concentration or weight of pollutants in the plants during the specified period not exceeding;
Title 6 — Total CHAPTER 6 0 — EXPENDITURE PROGRAMUM THE UNION CHAPTER 6 1 — TITLE 6 — TITLE OF THE MEDURITURE OF THE MEMENTS CHAPTER 6 2 — EXPENCLITURE SUMMITURITY SUMMITURE FINAL PROCEDURE CHAPTER 6 — CONSURPERS OF THE MEDURE THE MEDUREFICURE CHAPTER 6 — CONCLEMENTS OF THE MEDURAL PRINAL PRINE THE MEDURE THE MEDURE THE MEDURE THE MEDURE THE MEDURE THE MEDUREF THE MEDUREF THE MEDUREFICATIONS CHAPTERURESS CHAPTER 6 — THE MEDURE CHAPTERURE CHAPTER 6 — THE MEDURE CHAPTER 6 — THE MEDURESS — THE MEDURE CHAPTERURE CHAPTERURESSURE CHAPTER 6 — THE MEDURE CHAPTERURESSURES — THE MEDURESSURE CHAPTER 6 — THE MEDURES — THE MEDURE CHAPTER 6 — THE MEDURE CHAPTERURESSURE CHAPTERURE CHAPTER 6 — THE MEDURE CHAPTERURES — THE MEDURE CHAPTER 6 — THE MED
Notes The revenue arising from cooperation agreements between Switzerland and the European Atomic Energy Community, in particular from the Agreement of 14 September 1978.
, he hung up, hanging up.He hung up, hanging up.
I was upset by all the secrets he didn't know or the universe itself.
, but I realized yesterday was a lot, a lot, long ago. I realized that yesterday was a lot, a lot of time ago, a lot of time ago, and a lot of time ago.
, it was for me honor, it was honorable for me. It was for me. It was my honor. It was my honor. It was my honor. It was my honor.
, I doubt it, I doubt it, I doubt it, I doubt it, I doubt it. I don't want to be able to do this.
, I know what was between you and O. and O. were among you and O.
! It's a great female, but you know the rules of law, but you know the rules.
agents must not be close to relations between agents. There must be no close relationships between agents.
I think you were more than close to you than you were a few times closer than you were more than close to. I think you were a few times more than close to you than you were more than close.
I have a popular miracle of human history.
, if this is not the case where the case is forgot to put a tamper to the tip.
I'd almost forgotten my forgetting almost forgotten. I almost forget I would almost forget. I almost forget about my forgetting. I would almost forget. I would almost forget.
, it was about the beard about the beard. It was about the beard about the beard. It was about the beard. It was about the beard. It was about the beard.
I'll decide what it's like. I'll decide what it's that's what it's for. I'm gonna decide what it's like.
, it looks like a cake, like a cake, a cake. It seems like a cake. It looks like a cake. It looks like a cake. It looks like some sort of cake.
dimension storage dimension storage dimensions of storage storage area - dimensions of storage storage storage area - approx. the storage dimension of storage storage storage
system language system language system language systemic language systemic language systemic language systemic language systemic language systemic language systemic language systemic language outputs and systemic language systems
system units system units system unitsystems system of units units of units of units of units of units of units of unit units, units of units of unit units, units of units, units of units, including units of unit, respectively, the units of units of unit
monitors the monitoring dimension of the monitoring dimension of the monitoring dimension of the monitoring dimension of the monitoring dimension of the monitoring dimension of the tracing dimension, monitoring dimensions of the tracing dimension of the tracing dimension of the tracing date, namely monitors the tracing dimension of the traceability of the monitors’
class class units class units classes units of units of units units of units of units of units of units of units of units of unit unit excellence, classes of units of units of units of unit exteriority, classes of units originating in the units of unit originating in the manufacture of units
technology variant configuration options configuration variant configuration variant configuration variant configuration options for configuration options for configuration of technologies variants configuration
budget dimensions budget dimensions Budget management dimension Budget management dimension Budgetary budget management dimension Budgetary budget management dimension Budgetary budget management dimension Budgetary dimension Budgetary delay
rules on the budgetary control rule on the budgetary control of the budget control the rule on the control of the budget of the budget, the rule of the budget control the budget control the budget of the budget, namely the budgetary control of the budget, the rule of the budget, the budgetary control, the budgetary control, the budget, the budget, the budget, the budget, which is controlled by the Secretary of the Ministry of Appeal, and the rules of the European Union, are to be examined.
, the length of the budgetary cycle of the budgetary cycle length of the budgetary cycle of the budgetary cycle of the length of the budgetary cycle of the budgetary cycle of the year ended 31 December 2012 on the basis of the length of the budget cycle
, the non-marketable securitiesable securities unchable securities non-marketable securities, non-marketable securities, securities and securities, in the absence of a securities deposit box, are notable
, the uncommercial check of the uncommercial check, uncommercial check, uncommercial check, the uncommon check, the uncommon check, the uncommon checkboxes, the uncommon checkboxes, the uncommon checkboxes, the uncommon checking check, and the unconditioned cheeks,
, candidates tenderer tenderer, candidates, candidates, candidates, candidates, candidates, candidates, candidates, who are candidates, who are candidates, who are candidates, who are candidates, who are, in the course of tendency, are the candidates.
application Application Application Application Application for Application for Application for Application for Application for Application for Application for Application for the Application for the Application for the Application for the Application for the Application for the Application for the Application for the purposes of the application
: the basket of the logs of the logs of the lounge, the binof of the lounge of the logs of the logs, the binch of the lounge of the loop of the lounge of the lounge of the lounge of the lounge of the lounge of the lounge of the bin.
employees employee employee employee wholly employed staff member of staff employed by employee staff member of staff employed by staff member of staff and whollywooded to the staff of staff and whollywooded to the staff of staff
? Those children go with us? They go with us? They go with us? They go with us? They go with us? They go with us? They go with us?
, I didn't get anybody on watch for the watchdogs. I didn't get anybody to watch someone. I didn't get anybody to watch. I didn't get anybody else.
, parents don't return until night. They don't return to the parents by night. They don't return to the parent until night.
, you're going crazy of them, you're going to get rid of them.
, they are too good children, they are very good children. They are not afraid, they are very good children. They are children. They are very good children.
? Do you want to leave someone with someone? Do you want to leave them with someone? Do you want to leave them with someone? Do you want to leave them? If you want to leave someone?
I know a girl who's gonna take care of them, I know the girl who's gonna take care of them.
? Did you get crazy? Did you get crazy? Do you crazy? Do you get a fuckin' out of the way?
I can't just laugh at someone. I can't just talk to someone. I can't just talk to someone. I can't just talk about someone. I can't talk about someone.
? Are you sure, aunt? Aunt? Does you eat a little bit, aunt?
, will you wish? Would you like to wish? Would you like to wish? If you wanted to be? If you wanted to be? If you wanted to be?
do you have something there without fat? Do you have anything there without fat? Do you have anything there without fat? Do you have anything there? There's something free of fat? There's something there's nothing to eat there?
, everything is worthy of the excellent thing. It's all worthy of everything. It's all extraordinary. It's all worthy. It's worthy of everything.
, unfortunately, we have no diet, we are not afraid of diet. We do not have dietary we have diet.
two wheels, two bikes, two bikes, two bikes, two bikes.
, wait. wait. wait. wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait.
when Praya arrived? When did Praya come? When did Praya arrive? When she arrived? When Praya arrived? When she arrived? She arrived? She arrived?
, a few days ago, a few days ago, a few days ago, a few days ago, a few days ago, a few days ago, a few days ago.A few days ago.Price-to-date days ago.
, Bernadette is not happy to take care of my mother and my mother does not trust Bernadette...
, it's a blindness that's blinded, it's a blindness of the blame. It's a blindness. It's blind. It's blind.
, you should be afraid of the meal of the tabs, and you should be afraid of.
, don't worry, don't worry, you don't have a fear, don't worry. Don't worry. Don't worry. Don't worry.
, as your tercary friend I am ready to hit and comfort you and comfort you.
, that's not really necessary, it's not really necessary to be necessary. It's not really necessary. It's not really necessary. It's not necessary. It's not really necessary. It's not necessary.
, not, not, not, but not, not, but not, but not.
I will make tea, while you're gonna be narcistically to know anything that bothers you.
, thanks to the thanks to the thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanks. Thanks to the thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanksgiving thanks to the thanksgeneral.
, here's tercary friends are here, they're friends here, they're tercian friends here. They're friends here. They're here.
who's this? Who's it? Who's it? Who's it? Who's this? Who's it? Who's this? Who's it? Who's this?
you can't in the entrance, you can't insect in you can't insect in you can't get inside you can't get inside. You can't get inside you can't get inside. You can't get inside.
, Marshall, I'm the one. Barney!! Marshall, it's me. I'm the Barney!
, the second biggest surprise of the day was the second biggest surprise of the day.
, they offered me the main news, from next week. - Wow, it's great!! They're great!
he was missing on the training. He was missing on the training. He was missing on the training.
you don't have to be nice when I'm with Haley, okay? Yeah.
, I'm not that, I'm not that, I'm not that, I'm not that, I'm not that, I'm not. I'm not. It's not. I'm not. I'm not. It's not. I'm not.
, the team is looking for you, man. The team is looking out for you, the team, without you, the man.
, Whitey said, Whitey, was saying Whitey. He said Whitey.
, I'll try to avoid him. I'll try to avoid him. I'll try to avoid him. I'll try to avoid him. I'll try to avoid him.
, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's okay, so it's okay, so it's okay, so it's okay. It's gonna be a good deal of the way.
, as usual, usually, usually as usual, usually, as usual, it is usually usual that they are usually.
? I have hallucinations? I have hallucinations? I have hallucinations? I have hallucinations? I have hallucinations?? I have hallucinations?? I have hallucinations?
? I saw you talk to Lucas? I saw you talking to Lucas? I saw you talking to Lucas? I saw you talking to Lucas? I saw you talking to Lucas? I saw you talking to Lucas?
, he tried to talk to me, and he tried to talk to me. He tried to talk to me.
? Do you want to go to English? Do you want to go to English? Do you want to go to English? Do you want to go to English? Do you want to go to English?
, you going with me? Do you go with me? Do you go with me? Do you go with me?
? Do you mean it really? Does it really mean it? Does it really mean it? Does it really mean it? Does it really mean? Does it really mean?
what is the result? What is the result? What is the result? What is the result? What is the result? What is the result? What is the result?
– five, one wheel, one wheel indecisibly, five, five, one wheel, one wheel, one wheel indecisibly.
? for who? For who? For who? For who? For whom? For whom? For whom? For whom? For whom? For whom? For whom? For whom? For whom?Manying the propaganda is the subject of the propulsion of the Seminar, who is the subject of the propulsion of the Semi-Marble?
! Go on! Go on! Go on! Go on! Go on! Go on! Go! Go! Go!Take! Go!Take!Take!Take!Take the decision!
, the audience who were all the games on the feet, still standing and calling the name of the one who is clear winner according to them.
James J. Braddock! James J. Braddock!! James J. Braddock!! James J. Braddock!!
, Zivo, you know, I'm gonna see the Zivo.
, the Israeli are back, they are back, and the Israeli are back.
is Amsterdam to be included in today's negotiations? Does Amsterdam be included in today's negotiations? Does Amsterdam be included in today's negotiations? Does Amsterdam be included?
: now you must be brave and learn the truth. You must now be brave and learn the truth.
, get him into a secure house!! Get him into a secure house! Get him in a secure house! Get him into a secure house!
! Come on, look at me!! Let's see me! Let's see me!
I can't believe it happened again again, I can't believe it happened again. I can't believe it happened again. I can't believe it happened again. I can't believe it happened again.
, Leone, hold on, hold on. Well, Leone, you'll keep the last.
, potentially torn off, torn spleen and rapidly losing blood.
, and I was also in the course of thirty strange convictions. It was with me during thirty-thirty strange convictions.
exclusion of the meat at issue which is suitable for human consumption, from products to which export refunds can be granted, is neither in accordance with the case-law of the Court of Justice, according to which the concept of satisfactory trade quality depends on the possibility of marketing the goods concerned.
exclusion would not be in line with the Community interest, since such meat would be made available on part of the Community market.
what is the clever?" he said, "What is the clever?" "What is the clever?"
, the Closton showed an analyzer that now displayed the uncomprehensible chain of letters and digits in the merry colors.
"I didn't know how the parasites could survive in the shark of the gauntle that had sprang your gloves.
, they were the stunning."They were the stunning."They were the stunning."They were the interception."They were the interception."They were the stamp."They were the stamp."
what?" "What?" "What?" "What?" "What?" "What?" "What?" "What?" "What?" "What?" "What?"
"It is a standard trick that transports drugs or drugs through an enemy environment - for example through stomachs into blood.
, but this time, the disease had been transported to the hospital.
, I'm not losing the transportation." "I'm not going to lose the losses." "I'm not losing the transport."" "I'm not losing the losses."
"Ahaha. "I guess," he said, "I guess, "Ahah. "I guess.Ah.
! Doneste petrol! Doneste petrol! Get gasoline! Get gasoline! Get gasoline!Take!Take gasoline!Take!Take the petrol!
what do you want to do? What do you want to do? What do you want to do? What do you want to do? What do you want to do?
what do you want to do with the lamp? What do you want to do with that lamp? Do you want to do with that lamp? Do you want to do with that lamp?
, Gitte and Benta are from Gitte and Benta. It is from Gitte and Benta from Gitte and Benta from Gitte and Benta.
, our wedding gift is our wedding gift. It's our wedding gift. It's our wedding gift. It's our wedding gift. It's our wedding gift. It's our wedding gift.
? Did you get crazy? Did you fill in with the crazy? Did you get crazy?
, you're not gonna do this, you're not gonna do it, you're not gonna do it. You're not doing it. You're not doing it.
,  ⁇ other  ⁇ aler ⁇ í ⁇ .  ⁇ alní.  ⁇ alní.  ⁇ al ⁇ í.  ⁇ al ⁇ í.  ⁇ al ⁇ í.  ⁇ al ⁇ í.  ⁇ al ⁇ árother ⁇ .  ⁇ ál ⁇ í. ⁇   ⁇ ál ⁇ .
what the hell are you doing here, Dr. Dr. Dr.?? What the hell are you doing here, Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr.?
, Mr. Dr. Dr. Dr.. Dr.. It's really sad, it's really sad, Mr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr.. Dr.. Dr.. Dr.. Dr..
, but what I know is now, what I know is now, but what I know is now. I know is what I know. I know. I know what I know.
I'm a poor fellow. I'm a poor drunkener. I'm a poor poor bastard. I'm a poor drunk. I'm a poor drunk. I'm a poor drunk.
, a national regulatory authority certified as a undertaking meeting the requirements of this Chapter, the Member State concerned shall be approved and designated as the transmission system operator.
certification procedure referred to in Article 7b shall apply to the certification procedure referred to in Article 7b.
why not not? Why aren't they? Why aren't they? Why aren't they? Why aren't they?
, because of him, because of him, why, for him? Because of him, he's got a lot of money, and he's got a lot of money, and he's got a lot of money in the face of his own?
, I don't think the dear child will return to return. I don't think the dear child will return. I don't think it's still coming back.
not coming back. I can promise you this, I can promise you, I can promise you, I can promise you.
, Doctor, I actually came to tell you something I'd told you something.
? Remember the centurion, who brought us here?
, he seemed to disappear too, too, he disappeared. It seems to have disappeared too. It seems to have disappeared too. It seems to have disappeared too.
, obviously, he was who hired that man to kill me. He was obviously he who had hired the man to kill me.
, or more kill Maxima, uh... how is it going on? Well, how is it going?
... Pettulian. Ehm... Pettulian. Ehm... Pettulian.Ehm... Pettulian.
, what? what? What? What? What? Ehm, what? What? Does the Ehm, what? What? What? What?? What?
I must remember the name of it, I must remember that name. I have to remember it, I must remember it, I must remember it. I have to remember it. I have to remember it.
, I have to, good night, good night, I have to, good night, good night, I have to, good night, good night. I have to, good night. I have to get a good night.
, but doctors, if he wanted to kill you why he didn't care for it? But doctors, if he wanted to kill you, why did he not care for it?
, however, since the Council could not accept the Commission’s proposals before 1 January 1993, it decided to adopt a transitional system, since the Council could not adopt proposals before 1 January 1993, to adopt a transitional system.
, in the case of tariffs, Directive 92/77/EEC[2] adopted the tariffs approximating the rate in question.
, you're right, Allison. You're right, Allison. You're right, you're right, Allison.
, thanks to the thanks to the thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanks. Thanks to the thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanksgiving thanks to the thanksgeneral.
, but to be clear, no, you're not a prey. You're not a prey.
, there's a pizza here. Pizza's here is here.There's a pizza there's a pizza here.There's a pizza here.There's a pizza here.
, honey, gold, gold, golden, golden, golden, and golden, and golden, and we have to be able to make it possible to do so.
, you go tell your brother's brother. Go tell it to tell Brother's brother.
... with a girl in the room... with a girl. It's in a room... with a girl. It's in a room... with a girl. It's a girl. It's a girl. It's a girl.
Tom has a girl in the room in the girl's room? Tom has a girl in the room? Tom has a girl in the room? Does Tom have a girl in the girl? Does the girl in the room?
, with locked doors, and the locked doors. The door was locked with the locked doors.
, Tom, here Mom, what are you doing there? The way Mom, here, what are you doing there?
, now, when you said your mom was saying, you said, you're a mom now, now, nothing when you said your mom.
, honey, why do you have a locked door? The tomatoes, the gold, why do you have a locked door?
? dad? dad? dad? dad? dad? dad? dad? dad? dad? Tati? Tati? Tati? Tati? Tati?
?You crying?You cry?You cry?You cry?You cry?You cry?You cry?You cry?You cry?You cry?You cry?
are you still in heaven? Are you still in heaven? Are you still in heaven? Are you still in heaven? Are you still in heaven? Are you still in heaven?
I'll do it, so I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it.
, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. The Yes. The Yes.
, you will help Van Waldenberg's team. You will help Van Waldenberg's team. You will help Van Waldenberg's team.
, you'll be living here all the time to prepare the preparation. You'll be living here, so you'll live here for a whole time.
you will be skating I live like a couple of apartments like a couple. You will be skating I live like a couple. You will be skating apart like a couple.
, it's a pershan, okay?  ⁇   ⁇ s a perfect, clear?  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  
I am a master of carpeters. I am a master of carpetners. I am a master of carpetners. I am a master of carpetners. I am a master of carpets.
what does it mean? What does it mean? What does it mean? What does this mean? What does it mean? What does it mean? What does it mean?
stick the clap and get your stick and get stuck. Keep the clap and get stuck.
palandy?Downs?Palandy?Despite Palandy?Palandy?
I want my room, I want my room, I want my room. I want my room. I want my room. I want my room. I want my room. I want my room. I want my room. I want my room.
, I'm sorry, but I'm hurried, but I'm sorry, but I'm hurried, but I'm hurried. I'm sorry, but I'm hurried.
, Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
blue-colored model? The model? The model? The model? The model?? The model is a model?
!!!! Cut!!! Cut! Trieste!
, Daniel, how does it look like? Daniel, how does it look like? Daniel, how does it look? Daniel, how does it look? Daniel, how does it look?
, I thank you, Reverende, I thank you, Reverende.
, when everyone comes and we start, we wait until we come and start. We wait until we come and start. We're gonna start up when we come and start.
that writer, that yes? The writer, that the writer, that it is? - that writer, that is true?
, I'm very pleased to recognize you. I'm very happy to recognize you. I'm very much pleased to you. I'm pleased to see you. I'm pleased to know you.
? Really? Really? Really? Does it really? Does it really? - Really? - Really? - Really? - Really? - Really? - Really? - Really? - Really?
, you must be very proud to be on your brother very proud of the brother of the very proud. You must be very proud of the brother of the brother.
, I'm the one, that's what I'm doing. I'm the one that's what I'm doing.
, you say, that you will say yes? Do you speak that you will? If you do, you will be doing so, you will speak that you will speak that yes?
, Daniel's gonna talk to Daniel. No, he'll talk to Daniel. It's Daniel talking. It's Daniel's gonna talk.
, the excellent one, excellent. The excellent. It is a great deal of excellent.
, I look at whether everything is ready for everything is ready. I look at whether everything is ready. I look at whether everything is ready.
you should talk to you, you should talk to you, you should talk to you, you should talk to you, you should talk to you.You should talk to you.You should talk to you.
, everybody expects it, they're all expecting it. They're expected to expect it. They're expected to do so.
I would have just as well have been proven it anyway. I would have just as well. I would have infected it anyway. I would have detected it anyway. I would have detected it anyway.
Thompson grinned like monkey.
"I did nothing to do with their precious carriage! I didn't do anything to do with the precious car!
you're going to yell on another, boy!  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇ 
, they go to the house, tell them, let them do it!"
Tally suddenly stopped, and pulled his hand out of Fraser's closure.
, the police had been involved, and almost slammed Brian's bureaucratically.
Tally turned and closed into the connected palms of the palace.
, my friends!" "Let the fun, my friends!"
, his quinte was not a brick-canyon.
"You're damaging private property!"'s the private property!"
Tom had thrown himself on a man like lightning with a sharp fist of fist.
, the call of it, the call of it. It's called upon to call it out.
I would not do it to you, I wouldn't do it, I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it.
, you're gonna put the phone down the phone. It's just that phone. It's just put the phone down. It's the phone. It's just a phone.
, I'm just fucking fucked up with this shit. It's gonna be a messenger. It's a messenger.
what did you do to him? What did you do to him? What did you do to him? What did you do to him? What did you do to him?
just faint. She just fainted. She just fainted. She was just fainting.
, you forced him to wand out the faintest of him. You forced him to pass him out. You forced him to faint him.
, but not that I would set the stages for the faintest place.
? Do you have a phaser? Do you have a staser? Do you have a stage staser? Do you have a stage stage? Does you have a stage? Does it have a phaser?
... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No...
? Can we throw this guy back into the car? Can we throw the guy back into the car? If we can drive the guy back into the car?
? You're a ufoun? You're a ufoun? You're a ufoun? You're a ufoun? You're a ufoun?
, I'm for you, for you, I'm for you, I'm for you, for you, I'm aired personality for you. I'm a lot of time for you.
why do they all think this? Why do they all think this? Everyone thinks that everyone thinks that?
, in overtime, maybe, maybe. Maybe, in the overtime, maybe. Maybe. Maybe, in the overtime, maybe.
, you've had enough time to spend overtime. You've had enough time. You've had enough time. You've had enough time.
Blue beer, Brody, you pay beer, Brodydy.You pay beer, Brody, you pay beer, Brody.
, you're here the boss here, you're here, you're here, you're the boss.
, you're still going to be me, so far, you're gonna be changing.
I have important things to do more important things in work. I have an important thing to do to work more important things. I have got to work more important things. I have got to do with the more important things.
, and no overtime, and no overtime. Any overtime.Anytimeaverything has been overtime.
, OK, OK, OK. The OK. OK. The OK. OK. The OK. It's OK. OK. It's OK. It's OK. It's OK.
, Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike, who's been a bit of a kind, Mike, Mike.
! no overtime! Any overtime! Any overtime! Any overtime!Many of overtime!
! no overtime! Any overtime! Any overtime! Any overtime!Many of overtime!
, Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike, I'm gonna be happy to see you, Mike.He's gonna be a bit of a kind.
, the Ohh, Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Ooh. Oh. Ooh. Oh. Ooh. Ooh. O.S.A.A.
, Dane, Dane, Dane, Dane, Dane, Dane, Dane, Dane, and Dane.
... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I...Me... I...Me... I...Maybe the...
! fucking jerks, my shoes!! my shoes!!!! fucking shine, my shoes, my shoes, my shoes, my shoes, my shoes, and my shoes, my shoes, and my shoes, and my shoes, and my shoes, and I'm afraid,
, these shoes were worth 200 Euros. I was 200 Euros were standing in my shoes, and I was worthy of 200 Euro.
who's the girl lying downstairs? Who's the girl lying downstairs? Who's the girl who's lying downstairs? Who's the girl lying downstairs? Who's the girl lying downstairs?
, Lavinia, Arnald's friend.
, the girl's girl, a girl, who's a girl, who's a girl, who's a girl.
I don't try to throw me in water, or I'll kick your ass.
, dear, dear, and the dear, who is a dear, who is a dear.
, you're going to be in the water, you're thrown into the water. Take care, it's fit to the water.
, she can't swim! she can't swim! She can't swim! She can't swim! She can't swim! She can't swim!
, help her! Help her! Give her a help!
!!!!!!!!!!!! Make something! Make something! Make something! Make something! Make something! Make something!
were you afraid? Did you fear? Did you fear? Do you have featuring yourself?
? I, I, I, uh, do I, uh, do I, uh, I?? I? - I, uh, do I, uh, have a lot of time, and I'm gonna be able to do so, and I'm gonna do so.
, not, but, not, but, in the absence of a No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
? - No. No. Emily kills? - No. - No. Emmily kill? - No.
, or so it will be at least to be a police officer. It will be a matter of course, or it will be a matter of course, or at least it will be a pit.
around the eye behind the eye, the eye for the eye on the eye, for the eye, the eye for the eye, for the eye, is to say, the eye for the eye.
, you've been out of the first place in the first row. You've earned your place in the first row. You've earned your place in the first row.
Daniel will find out how bad the taste of women in reality has a bad taste in women.
? Do you make a final moment of the speech? Do you make a speech adjustments for the last minute? Do you make a speech? Do you make a speech adjustments?? Do you make a speech?
, it is long-demanded the regime of my life, which is my life, for my life, is a long delayed, and the life-longed.
I called your lawyer and agreed to your interests with your lawyer. I called your lawyer and agreed to your interests.
I sent a messenger to her with divorce papers. I sent a messenger with her to her with divorce papers.
, you were right, Conrad. You were right, Conrad, you were right, and you were right, Conrad.
, it's time to end it. It's time to terminate it. It's time to terminate it. It's time to terminate it. It's time to terminate it. It's time to terminate it.
, if poetic timing, don't you think? You don't think? Maybe you don't think?
, we'll see you at the party. I'll see you at the party. I'll see you at the party. I'll see you at the party.
, you couldn't pick up a better time, George. You couldn't have been able to invest in a better time, George. You couldn't choose a better time, George.
Grayson Global is on the way to the best quarter of the quarter in history.
, you can't sleep together without trying to figure out what you mean to yourself. You can't just sleep together without trying to figure out what you mean to yourself.
, we knew you'd say it'd be a say. Yeah, we knew you'd say it.
, because of this and also we are very excited by the working lies.
, no, no, no, no, no, no! no, no, no! no, no! no, no! no!! no!! no!! no!!
, I know it's written "professor Mosby", but for you... I'm Ted. I know that it's written on the table, and I'm Ted.
, tell me, and tell you, you know, you know, you know, say, and tell me.
, "Tede." We have to learn something from you? Do we have to learn something? It's something we have to teach?
, when you are a professor where you have a hat and bip? If you have a hat and a bip? If you have a professional where you have a hat and a bip?
! Barney, it was horrible! I was in classroom... I was in a classroom...
? I'm in the pills, where are you condoms? I'm on the pills of the pills.
I'm probably not gonna do it. I guess I'm not gonna do it. I'm probably gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it.
, first mistake, you left her to ask her a question.
, the second error was that you didn't go after her.
, if the decision of the monument committee-- Overseas, you are leaving the transgress!!
were you reading a constitution sometime? Did you ever read the institute? Did you read the institute? Did you ever read the institute? Did you ever read the institute?
STENDAL, N ⁇ MECKA DEMOKRATICAL REPUBLICA The location of fuel stocks to small storage reduced the number of mallets to them almost zero.
, however, the security conservation lasted about a month for a safety of about a month.
, the collisions of tanks and the warehouses were of course serious, but both were enough.
, with propulsion masses, it was differently different from the propulsion masses.
? Do you make fun? Do you make fun? Do you make fun? Do you make fun? Do you make fun? Are you kidding?
, what you said to me to tell me to say. It's what you said to me to tell me to do.
, tell me what I'm saying, please tell me what I'm saying, please tell me what I'm saying, please.
?Tell 14.th, offer me 14. offer me 14. offer me 14. offer me 14. offer me 14.
I will give you 14.. I will give you 14.. I will give you 14. I will give you 14.
, I'm 14! It's just 14! It's worth this to me! It's just this, it's just 14! It's just for me to offer me 14! It's just for me to do this!
just started to give me a box in my box. I was just beginning to get my job in the box.
, you don't take the star with the stars yet. You don't take the star. You don't take the star.
? Should I have a good deal of laundry to fight women? I should I have a woman? I should be happy to fight with women?
this guy's our last chance.This guy's our last chance is our last chance.This guy's our last chance is our last chance.This guy's our last chance.
what the hell is it with you? What the hell is it with you? What the hell is it with you? What the hell is it with you?
, you have to let something go, you have to do it again, you have to let something out, to earn it again. You have to let it out again, to earn it.
, he's right, he's right, he's right, he's right. He's got the right. He's got the right.
if we don't get Cosima out, so the business won't be.
, we go up to sixteen grand to sixteen camps, we go to sixteen camps, and we go to sixteen camps. We go to sixteen grand.
, you'll take it. Take it, take it, take it. Take it. Take it. Take it. It's the same thing you're doing.
, not, but, not, but, in the absence of a No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
, girls, girls, girls, girls, girls, girls, who were girls, who were girls, who were girls.
? So, and it's and it's it, and it's it's a lot of it, and it's it. It's it. It's a lot of it.
, you know, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well.The well-being well.
, and it's and it's it's and it's it's a lot of it and it's it's a bitter. It's it's a lot of it. It's a lot of time.
, you're doing this, you're doing it, you're doing it, you're doing it, you're doing it, you're doing it, you're doing it, you're doing it, you're doing it, you're doing it.
, thanks to the thanks to the thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanks. Thanks to the thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanksgiving thanks to the thanksgeneral.
, it's nothing's nothing but it's nothing to do with this, it's nothing that's not anything but it's not anything. It's not anything. It's not anything. It's not the case to be done.
, you're going to be a good one. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go.
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, the opera, yeah. It's the opera, yeah. Yeah.
, the fuckin' fuckin' fuck. The fuck. The fuck is the fuckin's fuckin' fuckin' fuckin' fuckin' fuckin' fuckin' fuckin' fuckin' fuckin' fuckin'''s fuckin'''s fuckin'''s fuckin''
... today's numbers. Nowadays, the numbers of today. ...now the number of figures.The present number.The present figures.
name number as a complex number, write the following numbers as a complex number.
a, (b) require additional safeguards for diseases which are exotic in the Community.
Article 14 By the date of transhipment to the Member State of destination, horses shall remain without interruptions to the territory of the territory of a third country or — in the event of a regionalisation — in part of the territory defined in Article 13(2)(a) for a period to be determined in decisions adopted pursuant to Article 15.
horses must come from the holding under the veterinary supervision.
is a research area of morphogenetic interactions between primary sensory axes and target tissues.
, you know, you know, you're gonna be a good guy. Yeah, a porad.
I hope that all falls in the place dead now, I hope that all falls down on the place dead. I hope that now everyone falls down on the place dead.
, the production in the jeans had been a lot of crooks had been a middle-aged panic and sparked McVries's empty tub, which lost all the usefulness and started a new career as souvenir.
, however, the boy was closer, but the boy was faster and had gotten her half a longitude.
!" he hastened for McVries, and picked up a twisted and twisted tub into the air.
, then he went back to his friends, and then went back to his friends.
, the panic had made him a bit of a curious look at him.
? is it your fault. - Our wine? Does it be your fault. - Our wine? It's your fault. - Our wine? - What wine? Does it be?
I want a joint action, state and federal, and it will be for the state court.
, you're going to get a little coke from me, you're having a little coccupied from me. I'm getting a bit of coccso.
, God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. The God. The God. The God. The God.
, John knew that John was an agent. He didn't know John was an agent.
? Do you understand? Do you understand? Do you understand? If you understand?
I have a client saying that Agent Dover - Omar - he reached unjustly after the weapon.
I have witnesses who confirm that Agent Dover had withdrawn the weapon for at least three times before, that they had seen Dover Be cocaine agent Dover had been acting strangely and paranoid.
, in all respect, if it really was so much... it was...
how can I prove self-defence when I can't show how the guy was, and see if he had a shot?
, you know, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well.The well-being well.
I will read them and try to sort out what is secret information and what we can make. I will publish.
, even if you change the accusations, I want to know where these things have been thanked.
what is one Junior Brown compared to what I can prove as a federal judge?
, you've been in the baggage. You've got it now, you've been doing it. You've got it. You've got it. You've got it.
, help me! Help me! Help me! Help me! Help me! Get me!
, someone help me! Someone help me! Someone help me! Someone help me! Someone help me! Someone! Someone help me!
, my pleasure, my pleasure, my pleasure, pleasure, and my pleasure.
, I love scary films. I love horrifying films. I love horrifying films. I love horrifying films. I love horrifying films.
? Did you see "Get me into Hell"? Did you see me stretch up to Hell? Did you see "Get me down to Hell"?
, I'm trying to avoid it. I'm trying to avoid it. I'm trying to avoid it. I'm trying to avoid it. I'm trying to avoid it.
, but it's a great movie, but it's a great movie. It's a great movie. It's a great movie. It's a great movie. It's a great movie. It's a great movie.
, Saturday, at seven, at my home. At my house, Saturday, at seven, at my house.
I'll cook you dinner and make a kick of my famous popcorn from white chocolate. I'll cook you dinner and make a kick of my famous wine chocolate.
, we look at it, and we look at it. We look at it. We look at it. We look at it. We look at it. We look at it.
pay? Does pay? pay?Pay the pay? pay?Paying? Pay?Paying?Paying pay?
, Marcy, but, uh, uh... Well, Marcy, that sounds great, Marcy, but it sounds great, but Marcy, uh...
, it's nothing, nothing, nothing. It's nothing to do with the things that are.
, yeah, and one thing, and one thing more thing... ...and, yeah, and one thing... ...and another thing... ...and one more thing... ...and another... ...there's gonna be a thing... ...and the...
, my paddle on the wood... it's a hunt. It's a shunt.
: National parties to all coins issued in 2002, can be found in OJ C 373, 28.12.2001, p. 1 . ( 2 ) , p.
, see the Council conclusions on economic and financial matters of 10 February 2009 and the Commission Recommendation of 19 December 2008 on common guidelines for the national sides and issuing euro coins intended for circulation ( OJ L 9, 14.1.2009, p. 52 ).
Laguna and Vista are across the street from the editorial editorial.
anyone throwing those mushrooms, works for the newspaper, whoever had thrown out those mushrooms, works for the newspapers.
, the bourton's uncle is going to depart in an hour.
, Shawne? What's in the bet, Shawne?
I have a future with family. My entire future with family family. My entire future with family. My entire future with family. It is a family.
Yeah and two unresolved murders and innocent man who is still in prison.
, but your family also, too, is your family too, too, your family, too.
, we still don't know who's a murderer. We're still not sure who's a murderer.
, and it will take longer than an hour to come to it. We're going to take it. It's gonna take it for us to come to this.
, we're going to the stupid airport, so we're going to the dumb airport.
, Burton, maybe you can't be disappointing in this case, or maybe you can't find it disappointing in this case.
... I can't help but I think it would be better detective if Shawne didn't pull you down.
I don't see what it would help you in the case. I don't see what it would help you in the case. I don't see what you would help in case.
, you're a media, he's not a media, he's not a media, he's not. He's the media, he's not.
why do you need it? Do you need it for? Do you need it for him? Do you need it? Do you need it? Do you need it?
mechanisms for granting aid referred to in paragraph 1, the conditions applicable to it may apply and shall be determined in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 40(2).
, Krocodile!! Krocodile!!!Coedile!!Coedile!!Coedile!
, Krocodile!! Krocodile!!!Coedile!!Coedile!!Coedile!
she's dying! she's dying! she's dying! she's dying! she's dying! she's dying!
, Krocodile!! Krocodile!!!Coedile!!Coedile!!Coedile!
, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. The Yes. The Yes.
, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. The Yes. The Yes.
I thought I was a cat. I thought I was a cat. I thought I was a cat. I was a cat.
, something like that, something like that, something like that, something like that, something like that, something like that, something like that.
I dwelt with my cat, and I was drowning with the cat.
, I had a little bit of it, and I had drowned with them.
, when you try to guess, is it so? is it so?
, so I was maybe a sad cat, maybe a sad cat. I was a sad cat, so I was a sad cat. I was a sorrow cat. I was a cat.
? I was a sad cat? I was a sad cat? I was a sad cat? I was a sad cat? I was a sorrow cat? I was a cat? I was a cat?
cause they're entertaining me-- because they're entertaining me-- because they're entertaining me-- they're wondering-- I'm amused-- they're wondering--I'm surprised to be the one that's gonna be astonished.
, yes, yes, yes, yes, the cat is entertaining me with astonishment.
, as with other antigregreganes, clopidogrel should be used with caution in patients with potential risk of increased bleeding after trauma, surgery or other pathological conditions and, in the case of concomitant administration of clopidogrel and ASA, heparin, glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors or non-steroidal antiflostic inhibitors (NSAID) including co-inhibitors or selective inhibitors (SRI) inhibitors).
patients should be closely monitored whether there is no evidence of bleeding including occult bleeding, especially during the first weeks of treatment and/or after invasive cardiological performance or surgery.
co-administration of clopidogrel with oral anticoagulants is not recommended since it can increase bleeding intensity (see section 4.5).
, if the patient has to undergo a planned operation and antagonisation effect is not temporarily desirable, clopidogrel should be set off for 7 days before the exercise.
patients should notify doctors and dental physicians prior to planning any surgery or other pharmacotherapy that they use clopidogrel.
Klopidogrel extends the time of bleeding and should therefore be administered to patients with tendency to bleed (especially gastrointestinal and intraocular) caution.
patients should be informed that if they use clopidogrel (self- or in combination with ASA), the stopper could last longer than usual and that they should have any unusual bleeding (a place of occurrence or duration) to inform their doctor.
thrombocytopenic purple (TTP) thrombocytopenic purple (TTP) was reported very rarely after use of clopidogrel.
thrombocytopenia and microangiotopathic haemolytic anaemia associated either with neurological findings, renal dysfunction or fever is characterised.
TTP is potentially fatal condition requiring unrefocable treatment including plasma-mapheresis. TTP is potentially fatal, requiring unexplained treatment including plasma-mapheresis.
was reported after use of clopidogrel, haemophilia was reported.
, where an only incidence of prolongation of the activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTTT) is confirmed, it is necessary to take into account the possibility of haemophilia acquired.
patients with confirmed diagnosis obtained haemophilia have to treat specialised physician and use clopidogrel should be terminated.
recent stroke due to lack of data, clopidogrel cannot be recommended during the first 7 days after acute ischemical stroke.
Cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) Cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19)
50 (Liam Aylward):: (Liam Aylward):
, the labelling of the product from the bovine meat of the product from the bovine meat.
, fire smoking, passive smoking, passive smoking.
, passive exot, passive exot, passive exot.
, there's this. They were pretty good, they were pretty good. They were pretty good. They were pretty good. They were pretty good. They were pretty good. They were pretty good.
I was pleased to see Zelí. I was pleased to see I was pleased, Zelí. I was pleased to see Zelí.
, the life of blaza, the blazer life of the blaza.
, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you know, the visible.
hundred bucks, hundred bucks, hundred bucks of bucks, hundred bucks and hundreds of bucks.
-open vial 2 years unopened vial 2 years old open open vial 2 years old, open-ended vial 2 years old, open-ended vial 2 years old, open label 2 years old, open label 2 years old, unproductive vaccine
, after reconstitution and dilution of Chemical and physical stability before use, it has been demonstrated for 8 hours at room temperature for 8 hours.
microbiological aspects, if the method of opening/reconstitution/dilution does not exclude the risk of microbiological contamination, the product should be used immediately.
, if not used immediately, the storage conditions and time of use are not used in the responsibility of the user are not used immediately, the conditions for storage and the time of use are the responsibility of the user.
services of maritime cabotage, which is accessed for shipowners not registered in the Community, ‘are’, ‘the same services to which access to shipowners is guaranteed and in both cases correspond to the definition within the meaning of Regulation No 3577/92.
, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, the sovereigns are the ones that are, and, in the meantime, the sovereigns are the ones that are, and the ones that are, and the ones.
that guy shot my brother three wounds into his head. He shot my brother's three wounds in his head.
, and the guy lives like a fairy tale of a guy lives like a fairytale. It's like a guy's living in a fairy tale.
what should I do? What should I do? What should I do? What should I do? What should I do? What should I do? What should I do? What should I do?
? Should I have to shake his hands or kill him? I should I have to shake him with my hand or kill him? I should I have him? I should I have killed him?
, by shooting him, you will not help him, you will not help him. You will not help him, unless you shoot him, you will help him.
, I couldn't help myself? Could I help myself? I have helped myself? I wouldn't help? I wouldn't help? I wouldn't help? I could I help myself?
in heaven?May I have 5 minutes in heaven?May I have 5 minutes in heaven?
how could it be good? how could it be good? How could it be a good thing? How could it be? How could it be a good thing?
Joe, I'm healthy, I'm healthy, Joe, I'm healthy, I'm healthy, I'm healthy. I'm healthy. I'm healthy. I'm healthy. I'm healthy.
everything in order to order? All things all right? It's okay? It's okay?
, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, but I'm gonna get a good deal of the goodbye.
can Cathy go on and a little bit to redouble you? Maybe go Cathy down and go on and a little bit more to redoubtedly?
, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes. Well, yes.
, God, God, God! God, God!
, I'm sorry, but he was not invited to our party!
cheese and this will satisfy our little little pets.
! Show us what you're able to do! Now!! Show us what you're doing!
you! You! You! Ticket you! You! Ticket you! Ticket you!
, here, here!!!!!!!!!!!!!Move in, now!!Move, now!!!!Move, now!!
! Police! Police! Police!Deep the Police! Police!Developes!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
what's this smelling like that? What's this smell? What's so smelling like this? What's so smelling like this?
, sir, sir, the Lord, the Lord, who is a panoramic, and the Lord.
what the hell is it? What the hell is it? What the hell is it? What the hell is it? What the hell is it? What the hell is it? What the hell is it?
! Come on, come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on!
out, you fucking fucking out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
body, another body! Other body! Other body! Other body body other body! Other body body! Other body body! Other body! Other body!Againts!
, if the relative activity is not possible, the result is to be considered as approximate, this should be recorded in the analysis protocol if the relative activity is not possible.
, if the line is not possible to be regarded as parallel, the test is repeated.
, if the parallel is not reached, the result must be considered unsatisfactory.
, not, I'm a little bit more, I'm rather a little bit... (not, I'm rather, I'm rather, rather, a little bit... ...a little bit... ...a little bit... ...a little bit... ...after I'm... ...after I'm gonna be... ...after I'm... ...a little... ...after I'm... ...after I'm... ...a little... ...and a little... ...and a little... ...and a little... ...a... ...after I'm... ...a... ...a... ...in's... ...after a little... ...after a little... ...a... ...after a little... ...a... ...after... ...after... ...a... ...after... ...a little more... ...a... ...a little more... ...after I's... ...a... ...a... ...a... ...a little more... ...a little more... ...a... ...a little more... ...a little more... ...a little more... ...a little... ...a little more... ...a little more... ...a little more... ...a little... ...a... ...a little more... ...a little more... ...a little more... ...a little more... ...a... ...a little more... ...a... ...a little more... ...a... ...a... ...a
, the bad results in mathematics were turned into "dyskalculia".
lessness to the feelings of other people (sometimes called unhappyness) means that the child suffers “dispensation”.
, it's easy for me, yes? Well, it's easy for me, yes? It's for me, it's easy for me, okay? Yeah?
, when did you do something that was not in your interest, but only for your family? If you did something that was not in your interest, but for the wellness of your family?
, that day when you were born, when you were born. The day you were born.
I wanted to take you into the sea and let you flush the waves of waves.
I let you live instead of living you, instead of letting you live. I let you live. I let you live. I let you live. I let you live. I let you live.
, and he took you as his son, as his son. And he took you as his son. And he took you as his son. And he took you as his son.
cause you're a Lannister. Since you're a Lannister. Because you're a Lannister. Because you're a Lannister.
, Santo, Santo, Santo, Santo, Santo Santo, is a Sanso Santo Santo Santo. Sanso Santo.Sanso, Santo, Santo, Santo Santo, is a sansoversion of the Sanso.
, it's empty, it's empty, it's empty, it's empty. It's empty. It's empty. It's empty. It's empty. It's empty. It's empty. It's easy to do.
, we'll find a place to sleep on the sleeping place. We'll find a place to sleep on sleep. We'll find a place to sleep.
, the clockor Hodor, the clock, the clock, the clock, the clock, and the clock, and the clock, it is.
, the clockor Hodor, the clock, the clock, the clock, the clock, and the clock, and the clock, it is.
, Hodore, no. No, Hodore, no.
, maybe we shouldn't stay here here, maybe we shouldn't stay here. Maybe we shouldn't stay here. Maybe we shouldn't stay here. We shouldn't be staying here.
would you be out there? Would you like to be out there out there? Would you like to be out there? If you were out there, would you be out there? If you were there, you'd like to be out there?
we're not in the town, we're not going to get anything in the town. We're not afraid of anything in the town. We're not in the town.
you had enough dusty ideas, Gito, but this is all overcoming. It's all overcoming.
just wait until he saw what this was like, their enemy glass and steel with a little flower and green.
I still think to send them a letter, brochure, would be more trained access.
, you see, traditional, traditional, traditional, traditional, traditional.More, traditional.Advanced traditional.
, this is your problem, dear, dear. It's your problem, dear, this is your problem, dear. It's your problem, dear.
if you want to get somewhere, you must learn to think out outside the convention. If you want to do it somewhere, you need to get to touch it somewhere, you must learn to think about it outside the convention.
, this world is jungle, Hareshi.
, trust me, trust me, trust me, and I am confident, and believe me.
you, you're gonna be a bit of a kind! Come on! Come on! Come! Come on! Come! Come! Get in!
! Watch out for the philodendron!! Watch out for the philodronousron!
, there's no car not the car here, there's no car here, there's no car here, there's no car here, there's no car here.There's no car here.
, my mom's not here. There's no here, my mom's not here. It's not here. It's not here. It's not here.
?Seaching two people? The two people? The two people? The two people?
who's dead? Who's dead? Who's dead? Who's dead? Who's dead? Who's dead? Who's dead? Who's dead? Who's dead?
Mike, a schooler from the listeners, and Charlie Gereeson. Mike, Mike, a schooler from the listeners, and Charlie Gereeson.
I would hate myself if I didn't let you go, and sleep your dream. But I hate myself, and I hate you myself, if I didn't let you go, and sleep your dream.
, even if it means you're moving too. You're also moving away.
, and now go now, go now and go now, go now and go now. Go now, go. I want to go.
, and again I'm tearing again, and again I'm tears again, and again I'm tears.
, I'm just a throat, and my throat is pulling my throat. It's my throat. It's my throat. It's my throat. I'm getting my throat.
Max, you'd be a wonderful Rosa Parks, you'd be a wonderful Rosa Parks.
, and that's the thing they insist on. It's the thing they insist on. It's the thing they insist on. It's the case they insist.
, but you forced him to move away. You forced him to move away. You forced him to move away. You forced him to move away.
you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're a good one.
, but again, after his cocoa balls, I don't share it. I don't share it again so much after his cocoa balls.
... in past parts... in past parts... ...in past parts... ...in past parts... ...in past parts... ...in the past parts... ...in the past... ...then... ...then the last parts... ...there's... ...in the past...
I will destroy my life to get Michelle to get Michelle. It's my life to get Michelle to get my life to get Michelle.
, to be vulnerable, we take her here her family here. In order to be vulnerable, we take her here her family here.
, I was released from my position. - And who's in the direction? - Who's in charge of this place?
Member State which has notified the body shall withdraw that notification if it finds that that body no longer fulfils the criteria set out in Annex V.
, he shall immediately inform the Commission and the other Member States.
Article 10 1.
EC type examination procedure is established by the approved inspection body and certifies that the ODP model meets the provisions of this Directive, which apply to it.
what he wants from me Bailey? What does he want from me? Does he want from me Bailey? Does he want to come from me? Does he want to Bailey? Does he want to go from me?
? Did you come to ask me? Did you come to ask me? Did you come to me? Did you come to ask me? Did you come to me?
why had he sent me a invitation? Why did he send me a invitation?? Why did he send me a invitation??? Send me a invitation to me?
why should I know about your invitations? I should know about your invitations? I should know about your invitations? I should know about your invitations?
, I don't know anything about anything I don't know anything about anything I don't know anything about anything I don't know anything about anything. I don't know anything about anything else, I don't know.
what do you want from me? What do you want from me? What do you want from me? What do you want from me? What do you want from me? Do you want to do?
why did you come here? Why did you come here here? Why did you come here here? Why did you come here? If you came here? If you came here, why did you come here?
, I don't know anything about anything I don't know anything about anything I don't know, I don't know anything about anything. I don't know anything about anything. I don't know anything about it. I don't know anything.
, I don't know anything about anything I don't know anything about anything I don't know anything about anything I don't know anything about anything. I don't know anything about anything else, I don't know.
? Who is the secretary of Bailey? Who is the Secretary of Bailey? Who is Secretary? Who is Bailey? Who is Secretary? Does he/she? Bailey?
, Jerry Bailey is a rich trader. It's a bailiff's Bailey's rich trader.
, he came to the states as a smooth emigrant to do... full of money in San Francisco and Los Angeles.
where he lived thirty years, where he lived for thirty years.
, I know all this I know all this, I know it all, I know it all, I know it all, I know it all. It's a lot of time, and I know it's a lot of time.
, it's in the newspaper, it's in the newspaper, it's in the newspaper. It's in the newspaper. It's in the newspaper. It's in the newspaper. It's in the newspaper.
Figure 3 – Maps of likely interruptions of supply – before the adoption of other national measures – in February at the end of the six-month interruption of Russian gas supplies; cooperative and non-cooperative scenario presupposes a wave extreme cold weather Copenhagen scenario: ENTSO-G Exposition of warming to the risk of interrupting gas supply The rough half of primary energy in the EU is consumed on heating and water heating and heat sector.
on-site and heating water in buildings are particularly dependent on gas in Hungary, Italy, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom, as shown in Figure 4 below.
! Tell me you love me, fucking!!!!!!!!Tell me you love me, fuck me, fuck you, fuck me, fuck!
, I hate you! I hate you! I hate you! I hate you! I hate you!
, tell me that I'm your "Lord." Tell me that you love me. You love me.
, I love you, I love you, I like you, I like you, I like you, I like you, I like you, I love you, and I like you, and I like you, too, to enjoy the same time.
I like you and I love me and you too. I like you too. Also, I like you and I love me and I love you too. Also, I'm also you.
, now go to school, go down to school now, and go to school. Now go to school. Now go to school.
? What were you doing there, guys?? Yeah, what were you doing there, do you guys, do?
, I hate him, I hate him, and I hate him. I hate him. I hate him. I hate him. I hate him.
, give me a cigarette, give me a cigarette. Give me a cigarette.
I have only one more than one more time, I have just one more one more than one more. I have one more. I have one anymore. I have one anymore. I have one anymore. I have one anymore. I have one anymore. I have one. I have one anymore. I have one.
, your brother told me you're gonna get him pretty hard, you're gonna get him off with a nice nurse.
, you know, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well.The well-being well.
, Zoe, Zoe, and I'm gonna be happy to see Zoe.He's, Zoe.He's, and Zoe.
where's daddy's daddy's where he's a daddy's boyfriend, where's daddy's daddy's been?
, in work, at work, work in work, and in work, work in the work of the work, and in work, work.
, if I survive it... if I survive it... I'll survive it... I'll survive it... I'll survive it...
! guys! guys fucking guys! fucking guys! Fuck the guys! Fuck the guys! Fuck the guys!
, the gate opened! They opened up! They opened up! They opened the gate!
, Kabire, just tell me it. Just tell Kabire, just tell it. Just tell Kabire, just tell it.
, you tell me, it's okay, you tell it. It's okay, you tell it. It's okay, tell it. It's okay, tell it.
I'll go to London... and I'll tell Natasha that... I'll say that...
what will you tell her? What do you tell her? What do you tell her? What do you tell her? What do you tell her?
, tell me! Tell it! Tell me! Tell it!Tell me! Tell it!Tell it!Tell it!Tell it!Tell it!Tell it!Tell it!Tell it!
! Come on, Kabire!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Cabire!!!!!!
! Come on, Kabire!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Cabire!!!!!!
, you know, I'm gonna do it!
"I'm sorry, but I can't take you." I'm sorry, but I can't take you." I can't take you."
if you wear a rest in your hearts, if you wear a rest in your heart, if you wear a rest in your heart, in your hearts, your hearts are in a heart of rest, in your hearts, and if you wear a restraint in your heart.
you're alive, you're alive, you're alive, you're alive, you're alive, you're alive, you're alive, you're alive, you're alive, you're alive, you're alive, living alive, you're living in a living-room, and you're gonna be able to live
if you wear flashes of your dreams in your eyes, if you wear flashes of your dreams in your eyes, you wear flash of your dreams in your eyes, in the eyes of your dreams, in the eyes of the eyes of the flies,
what the hell is it for the hell? What the hell is it for? What the hell is it for the hell? What the hell is it for?
I just thought you'd like to know that you came a boxer and shouldn't talk to another manager.
not to speak with another manager? Do you not speak to another manager? Does it speak with another manager?
, I came here to tell me that Big Willie is not talking to Mickey Mac?
, not the word, with someone who is with anyone.
, I'm trying to read here to read here. I'm trying to read here to read here. I'm trying to read here. I'm trying to read here. I'm trying to read here.
, if you think it's more important, it's more important than that. If you think it's more important. If you think it's more important.
who's your new girl? Who's your new girl? Who's your new girl? Who's your new girl? Who's your new girl? Who's your new girl? Who's your new girl?
, what? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What?Me??
Christ. Go and go and get yourselves. Go to Christ. Go and get a good deal of Jesus Christ.
ing your time here, you're losing your time here, you're wasting your time.You're wasting your time.You're wasting your time.
I told you I didn't tire girls. I told you I didn't tear girls. I told you I didn't tear girls.
I thought you could think it up, you could think of it, I thought you could think of it, you could think of it.
there are dozen coaches who train girls are trying to find someone to find someone here.
, when you hit the statue, you destroyed the explosion of the explosion.
, can you get it and wake up those people? Can you get it up and wake up and wake up the people? Do you get it up and wake up?
, sir, it's broken, it's broken, sir, it's broken. It's broken. It's broken. It's broken.
, I'd set a frequency of frequencies. I'd set up a frequency. I'd set up a frequency. I'd set the frequency. I'd set the frequency.
, the sun is almost down the bottom of the corners, the sun is almost down.
why did we wake up so late? Why did we wake up so late? Why did we wake up so late? Why did we wake up so late?
, our tests showed that your body has no longer been machines anymore. Our tests showed that your body has no more machines.
, but he will make you a more sympathetic man, but he will make you a more sympathetic man.
, the dog of the storm does not make him more compassive. The dog of the boutique does not make him more sympathetic.
? Do you want me to be more compassive? Do you want to be a compassionate? To be more compassive? To be a compassionate?
, so, return my things to me, and return my things to me. So, return my things to me.
I will be more sympathetic to be more sympathetic. Then I will be more compassive. I will then be more sympathetic. I will be more sympathetic.
, however, not until then, until then, however, it was not. However, until then, it was not until it was not.
how can you say not this face, Mitch? If you can tell the face, Mitch?
I can say not very lightly, not very easily, I can say, not very easily easily. I can say very easily, very easily. I can say, not very easily. I can say, very easily.
, Powder. No, Powder.No, Powder.
, you're going to fall out. Get out of the way.
just a dog, man. It's just a dog, a man. It's just a dog, a man. It's just a dog, a man. It's just a dog, a man.
, Powder, Powder. I'm here, Powder.
! damn it! Damn it! Damn it! Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!
perhaps Mitch is right. Maybe Mitch is right. It might have Mitch right. It might have Mitch right.
, just do the dog, and then do the dog. Give it the dog. Give it a dog.
, this consolidated text is only an informative value. This consolidated text is only the information value.This consolidated text is only the information value.
! This Wratha... should be presumed as feeding to warriors that grows in her secret laboratory pleasure.
, if I could convert Devetaki to such measures, I could...
Maglore had learned many new and also understood the continuation of the Zindevar's uninterruptedness, secretary, and why she had so intrigued her mind before visitors.
, it was obvious that she was one of the Devetak's intelligence about Wrathina's illegal activity.
, however, because Zindevar knew that he was guiding one of the two spies in Turgosheim, no way the Maglor had surprised.
, in this context, the Commission intends to submit a committee for noise referred to in Article 13 of the Work Programme Directive, which contains some of the elements listed below.
, if necessary, the Commission also consider whether it is to bring proceedings to supplement the active implementation of the activities described below.
completion of the harmonised framework for mapping methods Despite improving the comparability of strategic noise mapping, the situation is not far from ideal.
ongoing evaluation is clear that it is still difficult to submit comparable data on the number of persons exposed to excessive noise levels.
difficulties, inter alia, with different data collection methods, quality and availability of data and the evaluation methods used.
, this is the cause of various results in the EU Member States in the EU Member States. It is the cause of different results in the different EU Member States.
, in order to ensure that comparability level is ultimately a framework for harmonisation of methods (y) which will reflect the sectoral specificity in order to reflect the required level of comparability.
in 2008 the Commission started working on the development of harmonised methods for evaluating noise exposure (under Article 6(2)).
project entitled ‘CNOSSOS-EU’ (Common method of evaluation of noise in Europe) which leads the Joint Research Centre, shall ensure a technical basis for the preparation of the Commission Implementing Decision.
, provided that technical work can be completed in 2011, the Commission considers the possible revision of Annex II to the Rural Initial Directive 2012 (the Committee in 2011 gives an opinion).
Harmonized methodological framework could focus on strategic mapping and should carefully balance the needs in the area of harmonisation of adequacy and sectoral specifications, such as data requirements.
in this Decision, the Commission intends to propose a joint work programme of the Commission/European Environment Agency/Member States aimed at implementing the CNOSSOS-EU project in 2012-2015, in order to be operational for the third cycle of reporting in 2017.
developments in the EU Guidelines The number of aspects of the Directive have not been detailed or left the space for a different interpretation and implementation.
Member States have proposed that these issues be addressed through specific actions to help implement and comply with EU level, e.g. the development of documents with guidance, exchange of good practices or organising special workshops and training courses.
events could focus on these issues: mapping methods and best mapping procedures, forecast values for noise maps, relationships between dose and reaction, calculation of repeated exposure, the creation of action plans and admissible or target values.
, the Commission of the European Communities shall bear its own costs, as well as the costs incurred by Anton Pieter Roodhuijzen in the context of this proceeding.
Jaeger Tili Azizi Meij Vilaras Takzi Meij Vilaras Takto announced at the public meeting in Luxembourg on 5 October 2009.
. Rules. Language of the case: French. French. Language of the case: French. Language of the case: French. French.
, my mom's okay is okay, Mama's mama's okay, she's okay. She's okay. She's got her mother's okay.
, it's good to be good, it's good it's good. It's good it's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's a good thing. It's easy to do.
module module of principles and classification for use when sending signals signed messages.
: Module principles: Module principles: Module principles: Module: Module principles: Module: Module principles:: Module principles:: Module: Principles: Principles:
: Classification: Classification: Classification: Classification: Classification: Classification: Classification: Classification: Classification: Classification: Classification: Classification: Classification:
: Grade mark: classified: the mark of the classified: the mark of the classified: the: the mark of the classified:
, and he never wanted to have anything to have with me. He never wanted to have anything to have with me. And he never wanted to have anything to have with me.
, I didn't kill him, I didn't kill him, I didn't kill him. I didn't kill him. I didn't kill him. I didn't kill him. I didn't kill him.
, and it doesn't matter that he's dead, but it's not for you to be murdered. And it's not for you to be dead, but it's not for you to be killed.
, in your kind of business, a big thing is in your kind. It is a big thing. It is in your kind of business. It is a big thing.
in my kind of business? In my kind of business? Does my type of business??? In my kind of business??? I have a business?
, we own a few cleaners. We own a few cleaners. We own a few cleaners. We own a few cleaners. We own a few cleaners. We own a few cleaners.
, I'm not talking about it, I'm not talking about it, I'm not talking about it. I'm not talking about it. I'm not talking about it. I'm not talking about it.
, I'm talking about drug-related drug trade, I'm talking about drug-related drug trade. I'm talking about drug trafficking. I'm talking about drug trafficking.
drug stores? Do you have a drug shop? Do you have a drug store?
Huff was killed in the territory of Low-Ridera.
...Low-Riders?...Low-Riders?...Low-Riders?Low-Riders?
...I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I.. ..I.. ..I.. ..then the... ...then the... ...I have... ...then the... ...I... ...then the... ...I...
, you remember them, you remember them. You remember them. It's your memory, you remember them. You remember them.
, they killed you husband's husband, and they killed you, they killed you, and they killed your husband.
? Yeah, what's going on, buddy? Yeah, what's going on, buddy? Yeah, what's going on, buddy?
? Have you heard of my broken Maserati? Did you ever hear of my broken Maserati? Did you hear of my broken Maserati?
, seriously?  ⁇ s not, seriously?  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇ 
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
, do you think I could get a lift? I could get a lift? I could get a lift? I could get a lift? I could get a lift? I could get a lift? I could get a lift?
, Alex, but I don't have a finger, okay? Yeah, Alexi, but I don't have a finger, okay? I don't have a finger, okay?
, it was already happened to happen again, and it was already done. It was already done. It was already done. It was already done. It was already done.
, he's got no finger, he's got no finger, he's got no finger. It's got no finger. It's got a finger. It's got a finger.
, that must be a terrible balance. It must be a terrible balance. It must be a terrible balance. It must be a terrible balance. It must be a terrible balance.
, if I do it? If I'm gonna do it? If I'm gonna do it? If I'm gonna do it? If I'm gonna handle it?
, in the sense, it is definitely a decent way to the decree.
, Violet, Violet, Violet, Violet, Violet, violet, is a violet.
, you know, you're gonna be a good one, you're gonna be a good one. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey.He's been a bitter, hello, you're gonna be wearing a pair of pit-floor.
, all the best!!!! Hello, all the best!!!All the best!!All the best!!All the best!!
, my lord, I'm glad to hear you. I'm so happy to hear you. I'm glad to hear you. I'm glad to hear you. I hear you. I'm glad to hear you.
, Oh, no, no, no, but not. Oh, no, no, oh, no, no. Oh, no.
, please, please. Please. Please. Please. Please. Please.Please.Please.Please.Please.Please.Please.Please.Please.Please.Please.Please.Please.Please.A.
, not a stage where I belong to. It's not a stage where I belong.
, this is where I'm going, with people like you, looking for fun in the unfunning.
Mark Twain said that the incidence is a supporter, freedom, unless her only defenseman is the only defenseman.
we're here to shake it, and we're gonna do it too, we're here to shake it, and we're gonna do it.
how much of you think the education system works? Does it work? How much of you think that the education system works? It is working?
"I learned to read." I learned to read." I learned to read." I was not." I learned to read." I was to read." I learned to read."
? Do you realize that 40% of American maturants think Johann from Ark was Noem's wife?
, Tom Dobbs gave up the President of the United States.
, OK, he wasn't really elected, but if he hadn't told anyone Shortly, Tom Dobbs returned to his political show.
, he was more famous than ever before. He was ever more famous than ever before. He was famous than ever before. He was famous than ever before.
, everybody will write how honest you're, how direct you're.
I hope that your honor does not support your incidence. I hope that your honor is not to be able to conceive your integrity.
: Use of waste in biogas stations: incorporation into the scope of Regulation No 1774/2002 Answer from the Commission (26 August 2011)
E-006645/11 (EL) Michael Tremopoulos (Verts/ALE) to the Commission (7 July 2011) Commission (7 July 2011)
: Further violation of religious freedom in Cyprus Answer from the Commission (31 August 2011)
...this boy here Frankie...this boy?This guy here Frankie...this boy?This guy here Frankie...this boy?This guy?
that boy had a million-hour drive.This boy had a million-hour drive.
I thought you'd play for Red Sox. I thought you'd be playing for Red Sox Sox. I thought you'd be playing for Red Sox.
, I'm also, too, too. I'm also, too, too, too, I'm also. I'm also. I'm also. I'm also. I'm also.
, he was still saying he hurt the elbow of the elbow. He was hurt by the elbow.
why do you know why? Why do you know why? Why do you know why? Why? Why do you know why? Why? Why? Why? Does you know why?
, you know what Tony's ball said? What the Tony ball said? Do you know what the Tony ball said? What the Tony ball said? What the Tony ball said?
, I'll tell him it's gonna tell him. I'll tell him it. I'll tell him it. I'll tell him it. I'll tell him it. I'll tell him it.
, letting him throw so many spinners, when he broke his wins in his hand.
, it was weak! It was weak! It was weak! It was weak! It was weak! It was weak! It was weak! It was weak!
, we either be honest. And you, either be honest. We either be honest. We either be either honest. We either be honest. We either be honest.
, you were worrying about him as a baby-sized baby. You were worrying about him as a baby.
, Frank, you know how alcohol works at you, how you're being an alcoholic strength.
, don't worry here, don't worry me here. Don't worry about me here. Don't worry about me here. Don't worry about me here.
, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's a fine. It's a good deal of goodbye.
how are you, Georgia? How do you get to know George?
, would you go to dinner? Would you go to dinner for dinner? Would you go to dinner? Would you go to dinner?
, I don't have a lot of money, I don't have a, I don't have a, I don't have a, uh, don't. I don't have. I don't have.
, with some passage, but we can eat ourselves. We can eat with someone, but we can eat.
? When? When? When? When? When? When? When? When? When? When? When? When? When? When? When? When? When? When?At the time?
, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, at any time, whenever, at any time, the whenever they are.
, tomorrow, it could be tomorrow, it could be tomorrow, tomorrow, it could be possible. It would be possible tomorrow. It would be possible tomorrow. It would be possible. It would be possible tomorrow.
? Triplo Due? Triplo Due? Triplo Due? Triple Due?? Triple Due?? The Triple Due? The Triple Due?
, we're going to meet there. We're going to meet there. We'll meet there. We'll meet there. We'll meet there. We'll meet there. We'll meet there.
, but soon, at 18.00.At early, early, 18.00.At early, in 18.00.
, you're gonna be a good one, okay. Well, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, the goodbye to the goodbye, and the good-looking, the good-looking.
, you know, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well.The well-being well.
, you're gonna be a good one, okay. Well, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, the goodbye to the goodbye, and the good-looking, the good-looking.
, I'd been talking a date, I'd been talking to the dates of the dates. I'd been talking to the dates. I'd been talking. I've been talking to the dates.
, you know, you're gonna be a good one, you're gonna be a good one. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey.He's been a bitter, hello, you're gonna be wearing a pair of pit-floor.
Francois and Katherine Coberg are trying to bring your marriage - and your detective here insult with perverse signs of cheating and spying.
, that's irresponsible, it's irresponsible. It's irresponsible. It's irresponsible. It's irresponsible. It's irresponsible.
, the newspaper of the unsubscribed to the madness of the unsubscribed.
I remind you that this is also about small children, I remember that it is also about small children. I remember that it is also about small children. I remember that it is also about small children.
four and two - two - a little young to read the newspaper. They have four and two - they have four and two - some young people to read newspapers.
?This is your elite unit? Does this be your elite unit? Does this be your elite unit? It's your elite unit? It's your elite unit? Does this be your elite unit?
guy who had gotten to the heart attack?
, you know your, Mr. Duroy. Goodbye. You know your, Mr. Duroy. Thank you.
, England has Windsor, we have Coberga. We have Coberga. We have Coberga.
I hope you have more in stock than the jokes that are only the jokes. I hope you have a lot more in stock than the tip.
Katherine and Francois Coberg have a precious divorce for children, and Francois Coberga.
Coberg's would have thrown some lever in the cargo.
Katherine, as he plays with three men, it should be enough to do. Video Katherine, how he plays with three men, it should be enough.
, but something was gone and Bernard Lang was dead.
what's what? What's it's? What's it's for? What's it's for? What's it's for? What's it's for? What's the matter?
what's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on?
, it's just a stupidity. It's just a stupidity. It's just a stupidity. It's just a stupidity. It's just a stupidity. It's just a stupidity.
dates to date?  ⁇ s dates to date?  ⁇   ⁇  on dates to date?  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇ 
"As we have detected, it is not possible to do anything more than a bare mechanism, it does just what it was programmed to do.
, of course, his programs can have a degree of flexibility, but we have no chance to verify it in any way.
, and we certainly do not have the possibility to turn to his management body, a half thousand light years away."
, listening and silent, he had no help to this debate, and he had not been told, in truth, he had been going entirely outside of it.
, if he hadn't done so and if it were a floating alarm, no one would have suffered it.
, if it is not a mere idea – no, humanity would have lived at least a peace, whether she was waiting for any unreasonable end.
, the dreadful thoughts still shaved his head as his attention suddenly raised the familiar slope.
one of the members of the comfortable, silent boats with so long and complicated name that Poole was not able to remember him, but to speak, in the middle of the discussion, only two words were made.
"Trojsk horse!" "Trojsk ⁇  horse!" "Trojsk ⁇ !" "Trojsk ⁇  horse!"; "Trojsk ⁇ !"
Article 28 The Charter ensures the right to collective bargaining.
This right shall be exercised ‘in accordance with Union law’.
, where EU law precludes provisions in collective agreement, the national court must not apply that specific provision in so far as it is necessary to remedy illegality.
, if the Court has therefore held that EU law precludes the application of the principle of ‘mean work’ to allow a maintenance child, the specific provisions set out in the relatively reduction of that contribution for employees to partial considerations (in the present case Article 22(4) of the collective agreement in the banking sector) should not apply.
, consequently, the contribution to the maintenance child would be paid in full, in accordance with Article 22(1) of that Treaty, to be paid to the maintenance child would be paid.
, but she had been hiding instead. She had hid herself instead. She had hid herself instead she had hid herself for it instead. She had hidden herself. She had hidden instead.
, and in the meantime, the family hired Barkov to find it and silence, - goodbye.
, Catherine, listen, listen, listen. Listen, Catherine, listen.
, try to find Andrea, yes? Well, try to find Andrea, yes?
, we're almost in Kailue. We're almost in Kailue. We're almost in Kailue. We're almost in Kailue. We're near Kailue. We're near Kailue.
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
?What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Does it mean?
, yeah, come on, go, go, and go. Jo, go. Jo, go. Jo, go. Come on. Jo, go.
, it came from the forest from the forest. It came from the forest. It came from the forest. It came from the forest. It came from the forest. It came from the forest.
, security the area. The security area is the area. The security area is the area.
, get a man to the places of men, and get the men to the place. Get the men to the place.
, you heard him, you heard him. You heard him. You heard him. You heard him.You heard him.You heard him.
, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there. There, there, there. There, there, there. There. There, there.
, Danny! Danny! Danny! Danny! Danny!Danny!Danny!Danny!To the Danny!
, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well-being well.
, happy and happy, Dr. Dr. Dr. Joy and merry, Dr. Dr. Dr. Joy and happy, Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Joy, and Dr.
, good night, good night, goodnight, goodnight, goodnight, goodnight, and the goodnight of the night.Since the goodnight.
, in the heart of Trenton, cranes crashed into the crane.
, I don't care, that's one thing, I don't care for it. It's one thing I don't care about it.
, my grandfather, that's my grandfather. It's my grandfather. It's my grandfather. It's my grandfather. It's my grandfather.
, not, it's just a book he wrote. It's just a book he wrote. It's a book he wrote.
, open it up to open it, open it up. To open it, open it up. To open it.
, do you give us this? Do you really like this? Do you give us this? Do you give us this? Do you give us this?
I wanted to congratulate you, I wanted to congratulate you, congratulate you, I wanted to congratulate you. I wanted to congratulate you.
, I understand that this is what adults do. I understand that this is what adults do. I understand that this is what they do. I understand that this is what adults do.
how did you know it? how did you know it? How did you know it? How did you know it? What did you know?
, I know it's been a while I know it for a while, for a while, I know it's been a little bit of time. I know it's been a bit of time. I know it's been a bit of time.
, you decided to live together not just spoiler. It's not just a spoiler.
, if I have no error message, I have no error of information. If I have no error message. If I have no error message.
, when you leave a message to the Venian crew, I'm sure it gets to me by time."
"I wrote everything I remember how you wanted it." I said, "I write everything I remember."
"General," I read, "General," I read.
"Be Zennor, or Zennar." "Be Zennor, or Zennar."
I never saw it written, I had never seen it written, and I had never seen it written.
I heard it, when he talked with a officer and thought he was no one heard them."
what is Mortstertoro?" the Mortstertero said, "What is it?"
"The great military base, perhaps the biggest one.
, we left the ship, but what we saw was impressive.
, the great limousine, the great swine and the stars came for Garth and coughed him away.
, too, a lot of salutting - and they always saluted the first.
I'm sorry, I know that it's not too much."I know it's not too much." I know it's not too much." I know it's not too much."
"It's a lot and it's enough to do it." "It's enough to do so."
I translated the paper and hid it and I hid it. I saved it and stored it and stored it. I saved it.
what's going on?" he said, "What's the more?" "What's going on?" "What's more?" "What's going on?"
, this time your daughter will pay for his mistake.This time your daughter will pay for his mistake.
, dear, sorry, sorry, sorry, dear, sorry.
, I did what I could do. I did what I could. I did. I did what I could. I did. I did. I did what I could.
, Kalam turned his head at each muffled sound.
, he was breathing his nose and his hands trembling.
, wait. wait. wait. wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait.
, from his chest, a quiet grunting was out of his chest.
"Maybe cooooonec, maybe a rocky, maybe a little, maybe a daddy..."
laughing as if Jack's problems were the most funny things he ever heard about.
"But I don't know what happens when--" "But I don't know what happens when--"I don't know what happens when--"I don't know what happens when--" "I don't know what happens when--"
"None knows what happens when something happens is doing, is it so?" interrupted the black man who could and might not be Speedy Parker.
I didn't say the word about shooting. I'm enough when you keep it. If you keep it. You're gonna keep it.
I have a problem with spending 10 p.m.... to get a nigger from jail... but I did it anyway.
, I want to go to the trunk... keep this fucking broker and up to the open, head down with her on the bald seed.
? -What about the nigma? -What about you pointer? -Some thing you're gonna get a bit of a nigger.
! Once we have the fucking Korean for us... we go to Roscoe restaurant and pay me.
, their amazing speciality, a dried mask in a sauce with a onion of the onions... with red beans and rejes, a little vegetable.
what the hell is it? What the hell is it with you, damn it? What the hell is it? What the hell is it? What the hell is it?
. Hello, cucore. Hello, cocare.Hey, halo. Hello, cucore.Hey, cucore.Hey, hikoure.
, wait, I'll give you it to you, wait, I'll give you it to you.
, Louise, the cocoure. It's Ordell. It's Ordell.
, where are I?  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  
, man, man, man.  ⁇ s, man, who's been a man, who's got a boy.  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  
, thanks to the thanks to the thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanks. Thanks to the thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanksgiving thanks to the thanksgeneral.
, please? please? Please, please? Please? Please? Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?
..." I beg you" is an old password. ..."No..."I beg you to see the old password.
, they changed him, altered him, changing him, altered him, altered him. They changed him. They changed him.
not without passwords, not without passwords. It is not without passwords.
, such rules are the rules. It is the rules. It is rules that are rules.
, tell him what you want. Maybe he's not drunk enough to remember it. Tell him what you want. Maybe he's not drunk enough to remember it.
, I don't want any problems, please, I don't want any problems. I don't want any problems. I don't want any problems. I don't want any problems.
why would he do it? Why would he do it? Why would he do it? Why would he do it? Why would he do it? Does he do it?
? That's your plan? It's your plan? It's your plan? It's your plan? It's your plan? It's your plan? It's your plan?
, I don't want to spend a moment about these Christmas days, or a moment about these Christmas. I don't want to spend the momentum with you or a moment about these Christmas.
I'll see you again if I ever see you with him... if I ever see you with him again... I'll see you again... I'll see you again... I'll see you again...
! Adam!! Adam! Adam!Adame!!Adame!Adame!Adame!!Adame!Adame!Adame!
, Detective, Detective, Detective, and Dektive, a detective.
you're back, you're back, you're back, you're back, you're back, you're back, back, you're back, you're back, you're back, you're back, you're back.
two years ago two years ago, two years ago, two years ago, two years ago, two years ago, two years ago, two years ago, two years ago, two years ago, two years ago, old, old-fashioned, cheaper, and two years ago
, I know what you're doing here. I know what you're doing here. I know what you're doing here. I know what you're doing here. I know what you're doing here.
, I know all the tasting experiments of Rossum. I know of all the disgusting experiments of Rossum.
, I realized that this was what I realized. It was happening to me. It occurred to me. It occurred to me. It was I realized. It was I realized.
you're a little superdetective. You're a little superdetective. You're a little superdetective. You're a little superdetective.
humans will find out this to the people will find out. People will find out it. They will find out. They will find out.
... do people... do they find out? Does it find out? Does this happen? The people... will find out? It will find out? Does it? Does it find out?
, Caroline, don't be naive. Don't be naive, Caroline, don't be naive.
we both know you can disappear from the surface of the earth, and no one will notice that you're gone. We know you're gone. We know you can both disappear from the surface of the earth, and nobody notice at all.
, you knew Rossum was the biggest world supplier of MRI apparatus? Did you know that Rossum is the biggest world supplier of MRI apparatus?
, I gratuate the gratu, I love gratuating Gratu I love Gratu. I love Gratu. I love Gratu. I'm gratuate. I'm gratuateful.
who's wondering what? Who's wondering what? It's wondering? Who's this? It's wondering what? It's wondering?
we also make great progress in the research of parkinson and alzheimera Parkinson and alzheimer. We also do great progress in the parkinson research.
, we develop the latest atomic microcopes.We develop the latest atomic microcopes.We develop the latest atomic microscopes.
. We have a clinical laboratory in every major city in the world in every major city in the world.We have a clinical laboratory in every major city in the world.
I would like to point out, in the context of the principle of prudential prudential just that the right to be heard and the right to a fair trial and the principle of the contradictory proceedings is intended to be circumvented and the scope of the required prudential degree.
‘Special’ problem 97.7. The problem of 97.7. The problem of the problem of the 97.7. "Special" 97.
parties claim, in essence, that the Court of First Instance duly assessed the evidence submitted to the Commission that the existence of a specific problem for the Mountain Austria was not established.
I smiled, too tight, so I am am confused to do it. I was laughing at it, too tightly, so I am am amused.
I was suffering from Jacob's. "It's a lot of what bothers me," I said to Jacob, I was confident.
"Maybe one of the stupid wolves that don't care if something happens to them."
, Jacob laughed with his coughing gratitude.
Edward sighed his way out. Edward sighed up his breath.
"Jasper wants to help out. "Jasper wants to help. "Jasper wants to help. "The Jasper wants to help.
do you go without a interpreter?" "Have you come out?"
, I'll advise myself."I'll advise myself."I'll advise myself." I'll advise myself." I'll advise myself." I'll advise myself."
Edward looked at me a moment, his expression was difficult to understand, then turned his back and went to the place where Jasper waited.
was cold and uncomfortable. It was cold and uncomfortable.
, Jacob took a step forward, then looked back at me, and in his throat he heard a quiet deeds of the silence.
, he had done another half-way. He made another half-way. He made another half-way. He made another half-way. He made another half-way.
"Go there without me," I said, "I went there," I said, "I went there," I said, "I ran him. "I went there," I said.
"I don't want to look." I don't want to watch." I don't want to watch." I don't want to watch." I don't want to watch."
(c) official orders adversely affecting the date of completion, other than those arising from the failure to comply with the obligations of the contractor;
: (e) any suspension of work which is not due to the failure to comply with the obligations of the contractor; (e) any suspension of the work which is not due to the failure to comply with the contractor's obligations;
(f) power; power; power; power; force; power; power; power; force; power; power; higher; power; power; power; higher; power; power; higher; power;
, any other cause listed in these general conditions which are not due to the failure to comply with the obligations of the contractor.
fever sudden worsening of your overall health condition in the throat or burning in urination of severe stomach pain, fever and, where appropriate, diarrhoea (incl. of the mixture) may be signs of intestinal inflammation (neutropenic colitis)
lungs (recipated) with symptoms such as: breathing difficulties cough fever fever (lungs) fever (basinally) with pulmonary symptoms such as: breathing problems of fever fever
 ⁇   ⁇  If you suffer from a lung disease or have suffered from a history of lung disorder due to treatment with other medicinal products or treatment with radiation, you have a higher risk of developing severe pulmonary problems (internal lung disease).
side effects include: among other side effects include: the following side effects include: the following side effects include: the following: the following side effects include:
Very common  ⁇  Very common  ⁇  Very common  ⁇   ⁇  Very common  ⁇   ⁇  Very common  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  Very common  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  Very common  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  Very common  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  Very common  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇ 
, the overall sense of weakness and fatigue and tiredness.The overall feeling of weakness and tiredness and tirednesses and tiredness.
effects can be seen by the decrease in the number of red blood cells (anaemia).
"But do I believe you're quite a good deal?" she said, "But I suppose you're going to be in a good deal?"
The following definitions shall also apply: the following definitions shall also apply: the following: the following definitions shall also apply: the following: the following definitions: the following: the following definitions:
‘General authorisation’ means a legal framework established by a Member State in accordance with this Directive which guarantees the rights to ensure network or service of electronic communications services and which sets out specific obligations for this area which may apply to all or to certain types of electronic communications services.’
Article 3(2) is added to the new subparagraph, which is: the following subparagraph of Article 3(2):
‘Mailing cross-border electronic communications services in several Member States are not obliged to submit more than one notification for each Member State concerned.’
Article 5 shall be replaced by the following: Article 5 shall be replaced by the following:
‘Article 5 Right to use radio frequencies and numbers 1.
Member States shall facilitate the use of radio frequencies within the general authorisation of the general authorisation.
Member States may grant individual rights to use: prevent harmful interference; ensure the technical quality of services; ensure efficient use of spectrum or fulfil other objectives of general interest provided by Member States in accordance with Community law.
, I've got enough enough of it! I've got enough enough now! I've got enough enough! I'm already got enough! I'm getting enough!
I'm not gonna do it with it, I'm not gonna do it with it. I'm not gonna do it with it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna move it.
, if you want to call your call, they'd call for them to call you when you want.
, calm down, calm down, and calm down, and calm down.
, it'll be a moment just a moment. It's just a moment. It's just a moment. It's just a moment. It's just a moment. It's a moment. It's gonna be a moment.
you stupid bastards! you stupid bastards!! you stupid fucking!
? with Michelle?? Miechell? With Michelle? With Michelle? With Michelle? With Michelle? Does he have a Michelle?
, tell him, quickly. Now, let him know, quickly.
, I'm not going to be able to work this way, I'm not going to miss the metro... ...and it's not going to work.
, give it to her, give him her her her her, give him her her a handful of the one who had been giving him her her.
, it's in a big contract, it's in a big contract. It's in a big deal. It's in a big deal. It's a lot of treaty. It's a lot of treaty.
was it so heavy? Was it so tough? Was it so tough? Was it so tough? It was it? It was it? It was so tough? It was it? It was so tough?
where do you go? Where are you going? Where are you going? Where are you going? Where do you go? Where do you go? Where do you go?
, you're wearing my sweater. You're wearing my sweater. You're wearing my sweater. You're wearing my sweater. You're wearing my sweater.
, I'm gonna refund it to you? I'm supposed to return it to you? I'm supposed to return it to you? I'm supposed to return it to you?
Section 3 Common provisions Article 32 Subsection 1 Article 32 Subsection 1.
Kelly laughed as he returned inside.
, he cleaned up and changed into the trunk and the tie of the tipes. In ten minutes he had cleaned up and changed into the trunk and the tip.
, he took the place at the highest bridge and watched Rosena, as he prepared his boat to discharge.
Chirururg actually made a sense of Kelly, especially by treating the ropes.
"Anotherwise let the fans run a little longer than you're going to drive the engines," Kelly said as Rosen started.
"It's a diesel." "It's a diesel." "It's a diesel." "It's a diesel."
"It's her, it's her, right? "It's the first one she's, right? "It's her, first, she's, clear?
, second, it is a good custom, a good custom is the way of habit.
, next ship you need to drive may be on petrol.
, you're besides you, you're besides, you're besides, you're besides, you're besides, you're thinking, in addition to you, you're thinking, you're gonna be doing so, and you're gonna be doing so.
... ...torstene... ...drop your couch... ...and relax sofa... ...take a couch.
, you should, Russellle, you should, if you were, you should, you should, Russellle.
, you move it over it. Take it over it. Turn it over it. Turn it over.To it over.Teat it.
, I tried to get in touch with the date of the ride, and I didn't move. I tried. I didn't even move. I didn't even pull the dates.
To teams come here from the world's entire world.December dozens of teams arrive here come from the globe.
, so that you'd rather help me find the murderer Lieutenant Seabrook's killer.
. No. No. It's not possible. It's not possible. It's not possible. It's not possible. It's not possible. It's not possible. It's not possible.
, this is a definite yellow light, a yellow light. It is a definite yellow light.This is a definite yellow light.This is a definite yellow light.
tests will take 72 hours, but...
Dr. House won his results in ten minutes, in the ten minutes. Dr. House won his results. House won his results in ten minutes.
, Tony! Tony! Tony! Tony! Tony! Tony! Tony! Tony!Tony!Tony!Tony!Tony!Tony!Tony!Tony!Tony!Tony!Tony!Tony!
what are you doing here? What are you doing here? What are you doing here? What are you doing here? What are you doing here? What are you doing here? What are you doing here?
I was nearby, and I thought you had something, uh, uh, I'd leave you here.
, you found it. You found it. You found it. You found it. You found it. You found it. You found it. You found it. You found it. You found it.
I'm also fanji Viking! I'm also fanji Viking to the men! I'm also fanji Viking! I'm also fanning to the men!
, I have purple blood-gold blood, I have purple-gold blood. I have purple-gold blood. I have purple blood. I have purple-gold blood.
I'll get you out and kick your ass kicked out. If you tell me you feel something about a woman who's not your wife, I'm gonna pull you out and kick your ass.
, second, no, no, but not, second, no.
I should have repaired it. I should have repaired it. I should have repaired it. I should have repaired it. I should have corrected it.
Essie nodded. She nodded Essie nodded.
, "Do you hand me, Essie Tregowan?"
, and he reached her arm to her, and reached her with his arm.
, although Essia had not been much longer, she saw the back of her hand every orange glittering in the afternoon sun.
, she was bitten into her lips.
, then she had put her hand into his palms, and then put her hand into her hands in her palms.
, when they found it, it was still warm, although it had been out of her body, and only half of the lushes were empty.
... my man... my husband... My husband... My husband... My husband... My husband... My husband... My husband...
, he kept his weapons in the walls of the weapons. He kept his arms in the walls of the weapons.
I can show them to you, I can show them to you them to you. I can show them to you them. I can show them to you. I can show them to you. I can show them to you.
I never broke into employment... ...but desperate situations are asking desperate acts...
, the ashoremen are so neopathic...
I say, I say, that they should "Blayer" put on the city pay-out tape.
, give him the office, the service car... ...and all the ammunition, the munitions he needs.
, more than what can be said... ...and all those people on the radar.
, Debro, Debro, Defro, and Debro, Hi, Abro.D. Abro. - Hello, Defense, Defense, Defense, Defense, Defense, Defense.
, maybe we could... ...repeat it... ...to repeat it... ...to repeat it... ...to repeat it... ...to repeat it.
what about a real date?What about a real date? What about what needs to be a real date?
what does it sound good what, in Saturday? Does it sound like, what's in the Saturday? Does it sound like, what's in the Saturday?
, you know, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well.The well-being well.
, each god has chosen one of the human race that has been looking forward to it.
, when the people who had no gods had left, they had cast them away, and said, "Go for UL, let him be your god."
, UL silenced, silent, and UL was silent.
, after long and bitterly filled generation, the people who had no god, after wild rusts of West, calling their pros.
, there was a fair and honest man named Gorim, and then there was a fair and honest man named Gorim.
, he gathered the crowds and spoke to them, and he spoke: he gathered the crowds and thus spoke:
, our children and old men die and die, and our children and olds die. Our children and the olds die. They die. Our children and the children and the old guys die.
, if only one of us die better, if he dies only one of us will die, if he die only of us.
, therefore, remain on the beach and rest here on the beach and rest here on the beach and rest.
I will look for God on behalf of the UL, so that we can worship it and find our place in this world."
, after twenty years, Gorim UL sought, but overarmed for overarm.
years, hair grey, but he still sought to continue to look for him.
, the girl straight from NYU-- (NY University) brought chilli and caused all the food poisoning.
, you know, people... people have vomiting all day all day. You know, people... people have vomited people... people have vomiting people... have vomiting all day long.
... Adam has a few ideas to increase the amount of funds. The Adam has a few ideas to increase the amount of funds.
? actually?  ⁇ really?  ⁇ really?  ⁇   ⁇ really?  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇ 
... I, I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I...
I heard you're fighting a little bit of a bit of a bit of a fight with it. I heard you're fighting it a bit. I heard you're fighting it.
, at the moment, the momentum of the momentum of the moment.
, but it's an impression of the impression, but it's an impression of the impression.
, you know how the impression becomes the reality of major inspirations of the inspirers.
I was trying to get a piece of work when I ran first, and I thought it could do the same here right now.
I think, if you can arrange a deal with you two, I think, if you can do a deal, you'll be able to make a deal with you two.
I'm here just to help... and not you went into the way. I'm here to help you, and not to get into your way.
, the Republican money is the Republican money. It's the Republican money. It's the Republican money. It's the Republican money. It's the Republican money. It's money.
, you don't know it's not you know it, you don't know it, you don't know it, you don't know it, you don't know it.
, I know that I know that I know that I know that I know that I know it, I know that I know that I know that I am aware of this.
! We won! We won! We won! We won! We won! We won! We won! We won! We won! We won! We won! We have won!
you owe me 2,000 piasters.You owe me 2,000 piasters.You owe me 2,000 piastres.You owe me 2,000 piastres.
, I'm the one I'm the one I'm the one I'm the one I'm the one. It's me, it's me, it's me. It's me.
, the Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok.O. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok.
, he was a terrible monster, a real monster. He was a horrible, real monster.
, damn it, the damn damn thing, the damn thing, the damnation of the damn thing.
, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
, they're going after you. They're going after you. They're going after you. They're going after you. They're going after you. They're going to go to you. They're going to walk you.
, you know, you know, it's gonna be the one you know? It's the same thing you know? It's the same thing that you know?
what did you do? What did you do? What did you do? What did you do? What did you do? What did you do? What did you do? What did you do?
Paulo said that Blomkovist contacted him to join you with you.
, what do you have together with you, together, what do you have? What do you have? What do you have? What do you have? What do you have? What do you have?
, I must go, I must go, I must go, I must go, I must go, I must go. I must go. I must go. I must go. I must go. I must go. I have to go. I have to go. I have to go.
I have to finish something I have to finish something, I have to finish something, I have to finish something. I have to finish something. I have to finish something. I have to finish something. I have to do something.
, there was some lady here, there was some kind of Mrs. Mrs. was here, a lady here, here was some kind of lady here.
, Blonde, but she'd gone away. But she'd gone. But she'd gone. But she'd gone.
, pull it off my salary, 50 weeks old.
what's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on?
? We got a better offer? We got a better offer? We got a better offer? We got a better offer? We got a better offer? We got a better offer?? We got a better offer?
I don't know how to tell you, but wait until I sit down. I'm sitting down.
, as regards the report, which belongs to them, there is no one there is. Well, as regards the report, which is the report that is the same as those belonging to them, no one is.
why not not? Why aren't they? Why aren't they? Why aren't they? Why aren't they?
, I mean, it's not if it concerns me. I mean, if it's related to me. I mean, it's not, if it's related to me.
? Do you want to look at them? Would you like to look at them? Do you want to look at them? Do you want to look at them? Do you want to look at them?
what to do about the negatively enlarged? What about the negative?
6 On this basis and with the Commission's mandate, the European Committee has developed a European harmonised standard EN 71-3 , the Safety of toys ⁇   ⁇   ⁇ Safety of toys'
(hereinafter "EN 71-3 ⁇ ), which derives the limit values of bioavailability from "migration values" for toys materials and describes the procedure allowing their destination.
migration limits include the maximum permissible quantities of chemicals that may migrate, therefore, switch from the product into the external environment, for example penetrate into the skin or enjoyable juices.
, he thought every curve is approaching the endless series."
Daniel took a glance from Leibnize and wrapped into the clay of the curve. Daniel took his way from Leibnize's cabinets and wore the curve into the clay.
"I do not want to deny knowledge, but this has expanded his understanding, because it has given him a way to calculate each point in which the line touches the line."
he had been tracing the line in one point, to touch the line in one point slightly in touch.
, the impression of the black coach, four horses of the raging forward of the truck birch were nervous about the mass of the tears.
Daniel and Leibniz were backing them into the gap to leave them through; the wheels of the carriage blasted water from the cottage, changed Leibniz's pictographs and Daniel curves in the network of strange channels and then sailed them away.
"When some of our work had longer than this," Daniel said sadly, sadly.
, Leibniz laughed—and then, along with no word, they went to another hundred yards of yards.
I thought Newton was only dealing with alchemy," Leibniz said.
"Time from time to time, Commistock or I will make it written on paper from our discovery of mathematics."
"Maybe I might also have a pressure," Leibniz said.
"When you return, Huygens will take care of him."
Leibniz was shaking, as if Huygens sat on his neck, and he needed to get rid of him.
"I was well founded by the good one, and I was led by the good.
, if he can only ask me questions that he has already solved some Englishman, it means that he doesn't know more than me about mathematics."
, maybe seven and a half, eight, eight, eight, eight, so about seven and a half, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight.
, even the prodracy of the body suggests that the body was not moved.
? -Forget it? -Forget it, why do you stand on it? -Forget it? -Forget it? -Forgotten sake, excuse me.
, for the purposes of granting compensation for export of aeronauticals, the following specific provisions shall apply: (a) the following provisions shall apply to the following: (a) the following provisions:
authorities may confirm the verification copy of T5 or national proof showing that the product has left the customs territory of the Community, only after the submission of a transport document, which indicates the final destination outside the Community customs territory.
Article 1(b) (b) (b) (b) (b) (b) (b) (b) the b) (b) the b) (b) the b) (b) the b) the b) the b) the b) the b) the b) the b) the b) the b) the b) the b) the b) the b) the b) the b) and (b) the b) the b)
where, after the formalities referred to in point (a), products remain, except in force, during transhipment of one or more airports in the customs territory of the Community, for the purposes of Article 47 per day or days on which the period of 28 days exceeded is exceeded, the period laid down in Article 7.
, if both the time limit of 60 days laid down in Article 7(1), the 28 days set out in this letter are exceeded, the amount to be reduced or part of the security which falls, the amount corresponding to the higher of those two exceeds.
Article 87(2)(c) (c) (c) (c) (c) (c) (c) the c) c) (c) c) (c) c) (c) c) (c) c) c) c) c) c) c) c)
compliance with the provisions of this paragraph is subject to reasonable random control carried out by the paying agency.
Article 87(2)(d)(d) (d) (d) (d) (d) (d) the d)(d)(d) of the d’Administrative part of the dual and/or d)
periods 28 days set out in point (b) shall not apply where the products concerned have left the definitive customs territory of the Community within the original period of 60 days.
Article 11 1. Article 11 1. 1. Article 11 1. Article 11 1. Article 11 1. 1. Article 11 1. Article 11 1. Article 11 1.
where a product exported to one of the simplified transit transit schemes of the Community for the transport of goods after rail or in large-scale containers under Articles 412 to 442a of Regulation (EEC) No 2454/93 is released to be transported to the rail station or supplied by the recipient outside the Community customs territory, the refund is not paid under the presentation of the control copy T5.
not use after the expiry of the period of use specified in the vial after EXP.
you have to take a piece from Don's cake piece of Don's cake. You have to take a piece of Donna's cake piece of Don's cake.
, what you can take home, you can take home, what you can take home, you can take home. If you can take the house, you can take home.
, I'm not going out of here I'm not going anywhere else. I'm not going anywhere else. I'm not going out of here. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere.
, let me get 10 minutes and I'll be ready for the second round. Give me 10 minutes and I'll be ready for the second round. I'll be ready for the second round.
, we've paid TV for today's day, we've been paying TV on a TV on today's day. We've paid TV on the day. We've paid TV for today.
? Do you like Box, right? Do you like Box, that? Do you like Box, that? Do you like Box, that?? Also, you like Box, that?
, you take me, and you take me, take me, and take me.
should Ricky be included in the knowledge? Should he be included in this knowledge? Also, Ricky should he be included in the knowledge?
, I would wait for it to wait for me to wait for it. I would wait for it to wait for it. I would wait for it. I would wait.
, the first impression is very important. The first impression is very important.The first impression is very important.The first impression is very important.The first impression is very important.
I would have been investigating in this process at a later stage. I would have been investigating Ricky in this process. I would have been investigating in Ricky at a later stage.
, the Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok.O. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok.
, tell me about the couple of the couples, you tell me about the couple.
, I say, I say they are administrative, that they are looking for the search for them.
, here they are Lavender here. Here are Lavender. Here they are Lavender. Here they are Lavender. Here they are Lavender.
STATE FOR THE MEMBER STATE AND TAM RELATING TO THE ODSSTANCE AND TAM JE ODS.
some of the pains disappeared, though he still had a badly pound in his head.
, the only thing he wanted was sleep, was sleep, and the only thing he wanted was the only thing he wanted was the sleep he had been.
aren't those hours okay?" "Is they all right?" "Is they all right?" "Is they're the clock in order?"
I'm afraid yes, Sibby."I'm afraid it's been."I'm afraid it's been a mistake."
I will wait for him to go out and wait there. I will wait for him, and I will wait there, and I will wait there.
I'll prepare his book," said Lady Sibyla, and I'll prepare him a book," she said Lady Sibyla.
"Do not let anything stop him, you know."You know."You know, "You're not allowed to keep him anything."
I understand," Myshula said, nodding.
"If the situation in the lower part of the valley can be very very much in this year—" her husband began, but the woman immediately had prepared him with a view that he had ceased.
, six minutes later, six minutes later, six minutes later, six minutes were six. It was six minutes' six. It was six minutes' walk away.
, he was really a very weak watery, and he came from somewhere from the Elanian trousers.
, after a moment he needed to find out where he had his head and where his trousers moved his hand and pulling his hands out, and after a short effort he had pulled the iPaco pocket.
, in all agreements listed in Annex I, references to air carriers or airlines of a Member State, which is party to the agreement, shall be considered to be references to airlines or airlines designated by a Member State.
Article 2 Designation, Authorisation and repeal 1.
, the departments of 3 and 4 of this Article shall be preferred before the corresponding provisions of Articles referred to in points (a) and (b) of Annex II concerning the identification of air carriers concerned by the Member State concerned, their authorisations and permissions granted and authorisations granted by the Napal and refusal, cancellation, temporary withdrawal or authorisation of the authorised air carrier.
, he was a good man, he was a good man, he was a good man. He was a good man. He was a good man. He was a good man. He was a good man.
, then, but his wife got sick, but his wife got sick.
just didn't get it anymore. She didn't last it anymore. She just didn't last it anymore. She didn't last it anymore. She didn't last it anymore. She didn't last it anymore.
, and then he was never the same again, and then he was never the same again. And then he was never the same again.
, when the dry summer came, and all the others hungered, he swore that he would do anything to keep us alive.
, I'm back for Addy. I'm back for Addy. I'm going back for Addy. I'm going back for Addy.
, Mack, Mack, Mack, Mack, Mack, Mack.
, don't try to stop me. Don't try to stop me, Garnett, try to stop me.
, no one attempts to stop you from stopping you. They're not trying to stop you.
, we all go there all. We're going there all going there. We'll go there all. We'll go there all. We'll go there. We'll go there all. We'll go there.
just need a plan just needing a plan to be a plan, we just need a plan to plan, we just need a plan.We need a plan.We need a plan.
you don't understand it! You don't understand it! You don't understand it! You don't understand it! You don't understand it!
they are worse than the Eye! They are worse than the Eye! They are worse than the Eye! They are worse than the Eye! They are worse than the Toaster!
all kill you! They kill you all! They kill you all! They kill you all! They kill you! They kill you all! They kill you!
I will never forgive her that she cheated me with her mother. I will never forgive her that she cheated me.
, and he owes me 20 clips. And he owes me 20 clips. It owes me to me 20 clips. It owes me 20 clips.
, Mr. Nashle, sir.
, General Richter, Sir.General Richter, Sir.General Richter, Sir.
? Would you like to accept that you are fighting them to fight them here, and you wouldn't come to dinner with them?
, I don't think it's good... I don't think it's okay...
, you'll be in the dark hub!
I know that yes, I would be honored, dinner with a small patriot like you, you know.
I bought this wine from some vandraq at the airport. I bought it from some vandraq at the airport.
, you have the Black Barone, the Black Barone. You have the Black Barone, the Black Barone, the Black Barone.
, I hear, yeah, I hear, I hear, I hear, I hear, I hear, I hear.
, this autopilot is really great.This autopilot is a great deal of great deal.This autopilot is a great deal of great.
, the car landing. The car landing is landing.The car landing.The car landing.The car landing.
, the car landing. The car landing is landing.The car landing.The car landing.The car landing.
is Beetle Bailey cheeky, how does it look? It's Beetle Bailey cheerful, how does it look? It's Beetle Bailey cheerful, how does it look?
I visited Vatican several times during my stay in Rome. I visited Vatican several times during my stay.
, there are artistic collections, as you may imagine, quite conscious and my wife is doing this intensely.
I took her there about five times there, about five times. I took her there, about five times. I took her there, about five times.
, all over the city is spinning nuns and priests.
I never asked for security measures, but nothing happened to me in the eye when we are going to take ordinary procedures - measures against thefts and vandalism and so much.
then, the museums are also guarded, who are concerned about to show people where the toilet is.
, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it. I can't do this. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do this.
I can't change anything at all, I can't change anything at all, I can't change anything at all, but I can't change anything at all. I can't change anything at all. I can't change anything at all. I can't change anything at all.
, guys, what's going to be? What's going to be, guys, what's going to be?
, not, but, not, but, in the absence of a No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
what's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on?
, Henry, correct it, correct it. The Henry, correct it, correct it.
, you write everything as it was as it was. It's all the way it was. Let's write everything as it was.
, without ink, he can write nothing ink, can write nothing. It can write nothing without a ink. It can write nothing. It can write nothing.
blood has blood, my blood has blood, my blood is bleeding, and my blood is bleeding. It has blood. It has blood. It has blood. It has blood. It has blood. It has blood. It has blood.She has blood.
, when darkness was dark, but here the spasiteless is not here. You're not here, but here, when the spasiteless was in it, but you're not here.
, because of him, because of him, he was the reason he had made him feel like he was doing so.
, but that doesn't mean there's any other one here, there's no other one here. It doesn't mean there's any other one here. It doesn't mean there's any other one here.
, Mom. - No! No!! Stay on, Mom. - No! No!
, thanks to the Regina of the heroic victims, Isaac's fractures were made by the acts of the kind.
Henry Henry?Henry Henry?Henry Henry?Henry Henry? Does Henry Henry?May he begged in to the Hende, and the Henry?
, Nancy Callahan, eleven years old, Nancy Callahan, eleven years old.
, rape her and cut to unrecognition, and to the disobedience of her.
, and you've been here by chance they're going to show up until the time Rark will be back in his paper Senator.
, deeply, Hartigan.
, calm down and start thinking and start thinking about it.
, you're going to pull your heart at sixty and you have a sick heart. It's going to pull you in the heart of the 60th and you're sick.
, Mr. Excellent, sir.
, it's a cat, it can't be dried out deliberately. It's a cat, it can't be done, it can't be burned out in an approved way.
not in my kitchen! Not in my kitchen! Not in my kitchen! In my kitchen, not in my kitchen!
, but yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
just get rid of it, baby. It's just just get rid of it, honey. It's just like it, honey.
, it smells pretty much, it smells the smell of it. It smells pretty well. It smells like it.
, from the cats, the cats, from the cats, from the cats. It's been a cat from the cat.
, the cat thinks we're dying in the house by hunger here. We're dying in the house.
?What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Does it mean?
?  ⁇ re we going to be a big deal?  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇ 
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
, food and so, and so, good food and food and so, and so, and so, and so. Good food and food. It is good food and so.
, it was my moments... ...and it was the moments of my... ...who had the moments... ...and it was the moments... ...and it was... ...there was the... ...then... ...there was... ...then the moments... ...and the moments... ...and the... ...and the moments... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the moments... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the moments... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and... ...and the moments... ...and the... ...and... ...and... ...the... ...and the moments... ...and... ...and the moments... ...and the... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and the moments... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and the moments... ...and... ...and the moments... ...and... ...and the moments... ...and it was the moments... ...and it was... ...and it was... ...and it... ...and it was... ...and it was the moments... ...and it was... ...and it was the moments... ...and it was the moments... ...and it was the moments... ...and it was the moments... ...and it was the moments... ...and it was the moments... ...and it
I woke up with a letter to a broken-down to my care.
, we're expected to get together, our client expects us to get together.The client expects us to get together.
, Dia invited Dia to the banquet, and then tried to make a human meat more than one of them.
Zeus had destroyed his lightning. And then he punished Lycaon and his sons by turning them into the wolf.
, what is less known is that Lycaon sought the druids to help him move back to a man.
why the druids? Why the druids? Why the druids? Why the druids? Why?? The druids?
, the druid could be reversed.
, they did not from Lycaon and his sons again to make people again, but they taught them how to move from one form into the other.
, the druids were important to the slope of the slope.
, they help us keep connections with people, help us keep connections with people. They help us maintain contacts with people.
, but they are secretaries even in the pack, but they are secretaries, even in the pack. They are secretaries, even in the pack.
, sometimes only Alfa knows who their emisar is. It is, sometimes, who knows who their emisar is.
, for the Alf, the Alf Smeet. For the Alf.Alf pack. For the Alf. Sandy pack.
? Our educational adviser? Our educational adviser? Our educational adviser?? Our educational adviser?? Our educational adviser?
I shared some serious intimate things with her. I shared some of her a few serious intimate things. I shared some of her. I shared some of her very intimate things.
? And she gave you a good advice? And she gave you a good advice? She gave you a good advice?
, but today, the hell, we just can't offer it to the hell we can't offer it to the hell today. We can't offer it to the hell.
, would you excuse me for a moment? If you're sorry, would you excuse me for a moment? If you're gonna be sorry, would you excuse me for a moment?
, I need to talk to the sister, I need to talk to my sister. I need to speak to myself, sister. I need to speak with sister. I need to speak with sister. I need to speak with sister.
, excuse me, excuse me, and excuse me, and excuse me, I am sorry for the sake of my apathy.
I think he's talking about what I think he's talking about.
what do you think he talks? Do you think he's talking about? What do you think he's talking about? What do you think? Do you think he's talking about?
masturbating impotent bulls masturbating immobile bulls.
, do you think, doctor? Do you think, doctor? Do you think, do you think, Doctor?
, you know, I got a message about some sheep falling into the lake and a terrible shrinking rapidly.
just smaller and smaller, and smaller. It's just smaller and smaller. It's just smaller and smaller. It's smaller and smaller. It's smaller and smaller. It's smaller and smaller. It's just a smaller one.
, you go look at the house. Go look at this. It's the way you're going to see the tam.
, sir, sir, sir. Yes, sir, sir.
you'd better find someone or get someone on your ass or you'd get someone's or you'd get someone's ass or you'd get someone's ass on your ass.
I guess how much the sheep might diminish. I guess how much the sheep might diminish. I guess how much it can diminish the sheep.
, um, how do you start here? How do you start here? If you're starting here? If you're starting here, how do you start here?
Silk?Seat Silk?Seat, a lieutenant, is the Silk?
? You're a counselor, don't you? You're a senior advisor, don't you, a counselor, don't you?
, I'm still trained to be trained. I'm becoming more educational. I'm still trained. I'm becoming trained. I'm becoming trained.
what new you can learn what you haven't learned in the last 300 years?
, as the unjustly disregardless of how to make a stop on the head, to be put on the head.
, and so like so much like that, so much like that, so much like that, so much like that, so much like that.
why do you actually stand on your head? Why do you actually stand on your head? Why do you stand on your head? If you're standing on your head?
, Emmones did it, she did it. She did it. She did it. She did it. She did it.
? The gymnasticist? The gymnastics? The gymnastics? The gymnastic?? The gymnastic?? The gymnastic?
, it was released to her. It was released to her. It was released to her. It was released to her. It was released. It was released. It was released.
, and you're the one who's got you? And you're gonna get married?
I was really hurt by the headache after truth. It hurts me, it hurts me with this head. It hurts me, it hurts me with this head.
why can't he do Julian on Garak do? If he can't do Julian?
, Julian is not a advisor, nor an assistant advisor, nor an assistant advisor, nor the assistant advisor.
, and certainly, without reason, it's not going to be on the head of the head, and it's not quite unjustified, and it's not going to be a head of the unjustified way.
, this is a good note. It's a good note. It's a good note. It's a good note. It's a good note. It's a good footnote.
, I don't know what the hell you're talking about, brother. I don't see what the hell you're talking about, bro.
, I need the names of those bastards, right now!! I need the names of those bastards, right now! I need the names of those bastards, right now!!
, Marlone, wait! wait!! Wait!Marlone, wait! Wait!
, Marlone, stop!! stop!!!Marlone, stop!
, Marlone, it's a cop! It's a cop! It's a cop! It's a Police! It's a Polda!
, Marlone, it's a cop! It's a cop! It's a cop! It's a Police! It's a Polda!
you're gonna get a lot of money. Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
in't the black ass here. Give up the black ass here. Give the black ass here. Give the black ass.
, J- Dube, so you're on a baby? You're a baby?
, Lopez, what are you doing here, man?
why do you meanwhile you're going to see my informant, without knowing it?
, I know J- Dub is your informer, but it's also Lord and we're running out of time.
I need the names of the shooters and I'm ready to do things you don't. We need the names of those shooters and I'm ready to do things that you don't.
, as what? What? What's like, like, what's like, like, what? What's the like? What's the like? What's the matter?
I'm also a bit rough, too, I'm a bit rough too. I'm also a bit rough. I'm also a bit rough. I'm also a bit rough. I'm also a bit rough.
(b) 5 % of the number of producers concerned, in the case of Article 11(3)(b)(b) of the producer concerned, in the case of Article 11(3)(b).
is considered to be terminated at the time when the corresponding control report is available.
each customer shall be checked at least once in five years. Each customer shall be checked at least once in five years.
Article 13 Approval of the customer 1.
, in order to be able to operate in the territory of a Member State, that Member State must approve it.
where the debt is obligatory to the tax authority which has no registered office in Portugal or another Member State of the Union, with which a person has a taxable person, in accordance with the definition contained in Article 58(4), with the necessary adjustments, excessive, are not proportionate for the purposes of establishing a taxable profit of interest relating to part considered excessive deduction.
, when someone needed me, I sent him a vision, helped him, assist him.
I was like a human TV, I was like a human television. I was like a human television television. I was like a human television. I was like a human television. I was a human television.
? Are you a holy patroness television? The Holy patroness of TV? You're a holy patron of TV?? You're a TV patron?
, I'm pretty busy it's working on it. It's been working pretty much. It's been working on me. It's been working. It's been working on me.
, you know, you know, you know, a... ...you know?... ...you know?... ...you know?
, you can do what you like up there, you can do what you like. Here you can do what you like. You can do what you like.
, you just have to make up efforts here down here, you have to make up efforts to do this here. You just have to make up here the efforts. It's just down here you have to spend your efforts.
? Did you not come to Saint Maurhen? Did you find out on Saint Maurhen?
, there was no longer here. There was no longer here for a long time. There was no longer here. There was no longer here. There was no longer here.
, it's not telling me anything, it's not telling me anything. It's not telling me it's not telling me anything. It's not telling me anything. It's not gonna tell me.
, there's an endlessness up there, there's an infinite up there, and then there's an infinite up there. It's up there, up there's an infinite unfinished.
, the absolutely damned infinite infinite, absolutely damned infinite, unconfected infinite, absolutely damned infinite.
, listen, dad, daddy, daddy, listen, daddy, listen, daddy, daddy, who's got a look at the daddy's.
, what is this? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it?
what are you doing with all the boxes? What do you do with all the boxes? What do you do with all the boxes? Do you do with all the boxes?
storage, use, treatment and disposal of Topotecan Hospira Hospira, storage, use, treatment and disposal of Toopotecan Hospira
Maintenance Before opening: Keep in refrigerator (2 ⁇ C-8 ⁇ C).
, protect from the frozen frozen.Please protect against the frozen frozen.
inject the vial in the box to protect from light.
Topotecan Hospira 4 mg/4 ml concentrate should be given prior to administration of the patient to the end concentration of 25-50 micrograms/ml.
solution is approved for sodium chloride 9 mg/ml (0.9%) or glucose solution 50 mg/ml (5%).
particulate matter and colour change (fridge) should be visually inspected prior to use, prior to the presence of particles and variation.
Topotecan Hospira is yellow to yellow-black solution. Toopotecan Hospira is yellow to yellow-green solution.
1 x 109/l, platelet count  ⁇  100 x 109/l, and haemoglobin level  ⁇  9g/dl (after transfusion if necessary).
neutropenia and thrombocytopenia should be counted with neutropenia and thrombocytopenia.
dose: Ovarian cancer and malobusic lung cancer Initial dose: 1.5 mg/ m2 body surface/day, administered intravenous infusion for 30 minutes, five consecutive days with interval 3 weeks to start another cycle.
, it was hard for you to be tough for you to be tough. It was the hard for you to be tough. It was the hard for you to be tough.
, yes, but it would be right, it would be, certainly yes, but it would be, yes, but it would be fair, certainly, yes.
, now this is what this is now, and now this is now this. Now this is what this is. It's now. It's now this. It's now this. It's just now this. It's just that this.
I will accept my honest sympathy, Mrs Appleby.
, if we needed you at home? If we needed you? If we needed you at home, would you be home, if we needed you? If we needed you? If we needed you? If we needed you?
, they needed the need for? They needed a need for? They needed a need for? They needed? They needed? They needed? They needed?
, unfortunately, that is the law. It is the law, so it is, unfortunately, that is the law.
, the legal representative of your man was realized. The lawyer of your man was aware of the man's legal representative was realized.
coming from London right in the morning. It comes from London to the morning of the morning. It comes from London arriving from London. It comes from London. It comes from London right away from London.
, your husband was rich, was he rich, that?? Your man was rich, was he?
, probably, yes, I guess, yes, yes, I guess, yes, yes, yes, I guess, I guess, I guess, I'm gonna be able to do so.
, and now everything is yours, and now everything is yours now everything, and now everything is yours. It is all yours. It is all yours. It is all yours. It is your.
, I mean, but it should have been Penny, but it should have been Penny, but it should have been Penny. It should have been Penny.
, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. The Yes. The Yes.
ask a representative to join me? If you are involved in me, ask the representative to join me?
, however, in the context of the present case-law, the fact that the 3F in the action for annulment of the contested decision contested decision was called into question the justification of the contested decision implies that the criterion of active legitimacy must be applied according to the judgment of Plaumann.
we had two things to do: no one knew where we and where we were going. We had been going.
... - Listen, boy. I thought I was... Listen, boy. I told myself... Listen, boy, boy. I thought I was a boy.
I want you to go, if he bothers you this. I want you to eat, of course, if he's bothering you, I want you to eat it, if he's bothering you.
I always wanted to travel, but I didn't have the opportunity to travel, but I didn't have an opportunity to travel, but I didn't have an opportunity.
, the eastern coasts don't need any longer, we don't need the East coast anymore.
that guy again. I'm crazy, that's all the guy again. I'm crazy. It's a guy again. It's a crazy guy. I'm crazy. It's a guy's got a guy.
... just how he looked like when he was when he was... ...as he looked like... ...just as he looked like he looked... ...just as he looked like he was... ...then the... ...then the... ...there was...
?What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Does it mean?
, I warn you, I warn you, I warn you, I warn you, I warn you. I warn you, I warn you. I warn you.
, let it be, let it be left, let it be left, let it be the one that is, let it be, let it be.
I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it.
? - Yeah. - Yeah. - Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
? - Yeah. - Yeah. - Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
, Louise, Louise. Well, Louise, Louise. It's a good deal, Louise.
what do you want to do? What do we do? What do we do? What do we do? What do we do? What do we do? What do we do? What do we do? What do we do? What do we do? What do we do?
, "Low," Sasha said, "the crazy," she said.
, orson had been shortly strung out the orson shortly. He had been snatched out the Orson shortly.
, the chapter 34 On the nights we wrapped the corpses of monkeys into the sheets of the shell.
I waited for Carl Scorsoo, I was almost waiting for herself to sit down and get along with me.
he had to drive you back from here to get you back to the road. He was supposed to take you back from here to get you back.
Rabbit wants you more than I am more than I am. It wants to be more than I am.
, he didn't call him the curtain of his own.
 ⁇ We still have time for us to have time for us, so we still have time for time.  ⁇ We still have time.  ⁇ We still have time.  ⁇ We have time.  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  
? what time do we have time for?What are we at?What are we at?What are we at?
, because it's suicide, it's suicide, because it's suicide, it's suicide. It's suicide. It's suicide.
, my children. Gordon, my children. The God, my children. Gordon.
, that's true, that's true, it's true, that's true, it's true. It's true. It's true. It's true. It's true. It's true. It's true. It's true.
, before you arrived, we were safe, we were safely in the safe place.
how many mothers wear a gun in a cabler? How much do they wear a gun in a cabling bag?
? And he has a false number on the car? Does he have a false number on the car? Does he have a false number on the car? Does he have a false number on the car?
, she knew that this day would come once. She knew this day would come.
, you knew what you'd been sitting here, and every day you lied to your family, not me.
, Carrie Hopewell could not exist to be an endless infinite.
what you would like to want to do is still what you would like to want.What you would like to want to do is still, you'll want to do.
, there are sheets on the furniture, back in the back of the cemetery and... ...the paste on lamps.
, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well-being well.
Lance, why aren't we naked generator and... where is the cellar?
somewhere there must be a door... somewhere... ... here... ...here there... ...here there... ...there's a door somewhere... ...and there's a door... ...and there's a door... ...and there's a... ...after here.
somewhere in the rooms, somewhere in the rooms. It's a room somewhere in the rooms. It's a room. It's a room.
, we're not in the network until tomorrow's day, we're not in the network until tomorrow. We're not in the network until tomorrow. We're not in the network until tomorrow.
, the great great, great, great, great, great, great, excellent and great.At great.At great.At great.At great.At great.
? Do you want to go home, Wanda? Do you want to go home, Wanda? Wanda? Do you want to get home, Wanda? Wanda?
, Whitaker saw something... ...and something totally deciding it... ...and it was totally deciding.
Wanda, will you help me with it? Do you help me with it? Wanda, will you help me with it?
I heard something, some sounds, I guess I heard something, some sounds, some sounds. I think I heard something, I heard something, some sounds.
, but go, it's an old place, it's an old place, but go, it's an old place, it's an old place. It's an old place.
, it was something else, it was something else. It was something else. It was something else. It was something else. It was something else. It was something else. It was something else. It was something else. It was something else.
, it was like... ...designing or something. It was like... ...sleading or something. It was like... ...designing or something. It was like... ...designing or something.
creating a legal and fiscal environment that is favourable to businesses To use all opportunities offered by the Single Market, including freedom of establishment, rules on which the Single Market is based must be simple, adapted and must meet the challenges faced by businesses in everyday activities.
measures proposed in this section include, inter alia, the reduction in administrative and regulatory burden, with positive impacts on growth and job creation[17].
initiatives will be taken to ensure interconnection of trade companies and mutual recognition of electronic identification and authentication in the European Union.
, the issues of fiscal fiscal issues are also important.
initiatives in the taxable company or VAT should limit administrative burden on undertakings and facilitate their cross-border activity.
, moreover, the particular attention of the defence and security sector is deserving development and growth throughout the economy as a result of their high-tech technologies, innovation and know-how.
: Commission will adopt initiatives to improve the coordination of national fiscal policies, in particular by the proposal for a directive to create a common consolidated basis for corporate taxation (CZZS) in 2011.
27 EU national tax systems exist large differences between the EU, creating significant fiscal obstacles to cross-border companies, or even this activity precludes the existing national tax systems.
fragmentation leads to a significant distortion of the market and cost-benefit to the placing in accordance with the provisions.
particularly SMEs, which often meet the necessary resources to overcome these deficiencies, and can deter them from developing the single market.
, the introduction of a common consolidated corporate tax base is to address the fiscal provisions that limit growth.
groups should only be governed by a single set of rules in fiscal matters, and should act only with one fiscal governance throughout the EU (the unified contact point)).
should be consolidated at group level and losses should be deducted from profits irrespective of the border.
, the case of double taxation or double exemption from tax due to differences or incompatibility between national fiscal legislation would be excluded in relations within the group.
measures at national level would only reproduce the current situation, since companies would still be confronted with so many fiscal systems, as the States in which these companies operate.
107 In that regard, it should be noted that Article 2(1) of Regulation No 1515/2001 provides that, if the resolution authority adopts a report concerning non-contractive measures, the Council may, if it considers appropriate, annul or amend the measure at issue or take other appropriate specific measures to take account of legal interpretations in the formulated.
, according to recital 5 of the preamble to that regulation, the European Union institutions may consider appropriate to withdraw or amend measures adopted under the basic Regulation, including those not subject to dispute resolution proceedings under the Memorandum Agreement on the rules and procedures governing dispute resolution, or take other specific measures taking into account the legal interpretation contained in the report adopted by the dispute resolution authority.
, secondly, as the applicant correctly states, the provisions of EU law must be interpreted as, in the light of international law, in particular, where the objective of implementing the international agreement concluded by the Community, such as the basic regulation adopted to meet international obligations arising from the anti-dumping agreement (see recital 3 of the basic Regulation).
– The course of the opinion is supplemented by the author of the opinion of the opinion.
14 – In its judgment of 19 July 2012, ebookers.com Deutschland (C ⁇ 112/11), the Court stated that the optional surcharges ‘related to services which only supplement the air service itself and are not required for the transport of passengers or cargo or the necessary, so the customer is either to take them either, or refuse’ (paragraph 14).
– Item 19, cited in that statement, paragraph 19 of that observations.
principle of prudence provides Community legislators, in particular, wider, but not unlimited discretion.
, in exercising that extended power, the burden of proof on the part of the legislature is inextricable to ensure that the alleged risk is not only hypothetical.
Roic said excited: "I tried to stop her, my lord, but she insisted that she must have come here."
, we fell into the eye. We fell into the eye. We fell into the eye. We went to the eye. We went to the eye. We went to the eye.
was the sexual activity a lot alive? Was that sex activity was living?
, it was something really something, it was something really something, it was something that was really something that was really something. It was something. It was something that was really something. It was something that was really something. It was something that was really happening.
, I'm just enough to do this to me, that's enough to do this. It's enough to do this. It's enough to do so.
people can get dead when sex? If people can get a stroke? They can get dead in sex? They can they get dead? They can they get dead in sex?
, almost never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever.
? So it's my making? Does it be my making? Does it be my making? It's my accomplishment? It's my accomplishment? Does it be my accomplishment?
, we used the condom. We used the condom. We used the condom. We used the condom. We used the condom. We used the condom.
, so many questions, so many questions, questions about the questions of the questions, so many questions, the questions of the questions.
, if you could answer any of them, you wouldn't be fascinating. But if you could answer any of them, you wouldn't be fascinating.
, I understand, you're quite a nutrition, right? I understand, you're quite a nutrition, that's what I understand, you're a pretty crazy thing, right?
, your wife is the one who gets you out of it. Your wife is the one who gets you from it. It is the woman who gets you out of it.
, your wife and I, and I, and your wife and I.e. your wife and I. you, and I. you, your wife and I.g. I. you, your wife and I.
, even though, frankly, MRI was more useful than four hours of holding hands.
, I think, I think, I think. I think. I think.
if you had a wife, you'd know why it's all right. If you had a wife, you'd know why you'd care about it.
ing up a good guy, you're a good guy, you're a good guy, you're a good guy. You're a good guy.
, you're talking to you with the League's Leather talking to you.
, something's going on, something's going on. It's going on, Wait, something's going on. It's going on.
what's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on?
why should he be seizure? Why should he be seizure? Why should he be seizure?
why aren't you guys still guessing about this guy? Why aren't you guys talking about?
, you thought I was dead. You thought I was dead. I was dead. You thought I was dead. You thought I was dead. I was dead.
, the applicant stated that new product types appeared on the market, such as the rectified plates consisting only of wood leaves, each of which has a thickness of not more than 6 mm, at least one external layer of wood bintangor, red carium, cedonondong or some other species, unlaid permanent film from other materials.
products should be included in the scope of the measures in question, since they have the same physical and chemical characteristics and definitive use as a product covered by existing measures.
product and new product types should therefore be considered as the only product concerned.
I realized that before under these conditions, it would be better to play for sure and even the wisest one would disappear from here.
I got enough experience, how it goes, and next time I'm going to have a far better chance. I got enough experience, I got enough experience, how it goes, and I'll have a lot better chance.
... so well... well... well... well... well... well... well... well... well... well... well... well... well... well... well... well... well... well... well... well...
, the sky was brightened, colors and shadows lost something of their uniqueness.
flames around me began to hake me out. They started to hack me out.
, you know, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well.The well-being well.
clouds appeared on the sky, clouds appeared on the sky.
, the excellent one, excellent. The excellent. It is a great deal of excellent.
behind the clouded race began to form a light disc.
, a great great, great, great, great, great, great, great, excellent.A great.Viewed the great.At a great deal of greatness, and a great deal of hope for the greatness of the greatness of the greatness of the great.
, when the clouds had rushed, the sky was shining again the sunlight on the sky.
I was talking and I was surprised that I was still being chased to be trapped.
, however, it could be an incorrect estimate of the fundamental characteristics of their complaint.
, it is never good to assume that you have taken care of everything when you push you time.
... so... so... so... so... so... so... so... so... so... So... So... So... So... So... So... So... ...then... ...then the... ...then the... ...then the... ...then the... ...then... ...then the... ...then... ...then the... ...and the... ...and the...
: TG/63/6 of 24.3.1999 Rheum rhabarbarum L.
: Reve ⁇  TG/62/6 of 24.3.1999999 Scorzonera Hispanica L.
Mord Spanish or black root TG/116/3 of 21.10.1988 The text of these general principles is available on the International Union website for the protection of new plant variety (www.upov.int).
! Jesus Christ. What the fuck, fuck, what's going on?
, it's a misunderstanding, it's a misunderstanding. It's a misunderstanding. It's a misunderstanding. It's a misunderstanding.
you're gonna keep the bus shut up, you're gonna keep the hub shut up? If you're going to hold a hub?
I'll tell you something. NTL owes us 300 litres. It's owing to us. It's a 300 litres. It's a lot of dollars.
you're saying, because, otherwise we'll throw it out the window.
, just take him out. okay. Take him out. Well. Take him out. Well. Take him out. Well. Take him out. Well.
, man, slow, slow!!!!! man, man, slow, man, slow!
!! It's high!!!!!!!!!!!!! It's high!! It's up! It's high!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
, so, so, so, so, so, so, the well, so, so, so, the well, so that you can do so, the well-being of the way.
! You will be on all the belts. Please!!Here you, be on all the tape. Please!
! Pom ⁇ c!! Pom ⁇ c!!More!More!More!More!More!More!Memberspitched with the Pom ⁇ c!
, there's a lot of noise, the birds are burning...
, don't drown me, drown me, and I'm not drowned.
, if you want to catch birds, you must be on them from both sides. If you want to catch birds, you must catch them from both sides.
man should know how to be silent, how the man should know how to be silent, he should know how to be silent.
who the hell is it? Who the hell is it? Who the hell is it? Who the hell is it? Who the hell is it? Who the hell is it?
what's hand? What's the hand? What's the hand? With the hand hand? What's the hand? What's the hand?
I can do it with her well. I can do it with her, I can do it with her. I can do it well. I can do it with her. I can do it well. I can do it with her. I can do it well.
, shoot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Deep!
, when at last you'll learn to believe me, Father? If you're gonna be able to believe, Father, or in the worst case, I'm not going to be able to believe, Father?
, Irving had not been like the Irving at all. It was not like Irving at all. It was not like Irving at all.
"I'm going to come with him, but I have one condition, but I have one condition. I'm going to come with him, but I have one condition.
you'll be in the meeting with you."You'll be in the meeting."You'll be in the same meeting."You'll be the ones at that meeting."You'll be the ones."
his face was smiling from ear to ear to ear.
"You are a real friend, Blake." "You're a real friend, Blake." "You're a real friend, Blake."
information should also be updated on the two entities listed in Annex II to Regulation (EU) No 36/2012.
Regulation (EU) No 36/2012 should therefore be amended accordingly, HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION: Article 1 Annex II to Regulation (EU) No 36/2012 is amended in accordance with the Annex to this Regulation.
Article 2 This Regulation shall enter into force on the day of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union .
, this Regulation is binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States.
, in Brussels on 26 September 2014, in Brussels on 26 September 2014.
, Pentola sent Kyl's Daydays.Dana. The Guendor sent the Guy's Day Dr.D. Days.Days.
I want to arrive to L.A. and get out in her talk-show. She wants me to arrive. She wants me to arrive to L.A. and she's coming to her L.A. and went out in her talk-show.
I never spoke to me. Even though I wanted the right opposite again. I would like to ask myself to speak.
, but it does not make any sense, because even so they looked at him through the fingers.
, Lord, give it a room with this room, and, my God, give it a peace with it.
, I'm not surprised your mother drinks your mother drinks. It's not surprising that your mother drinks her mother drinks.
? We should go. If you're finished? We should go. If we're finished, we should go. We should go.
I think you should rather pull your trousers out, I think you should rather pull your trousers.
, for paragraphs 26 to 32 items, sub-points referred to in Annex X to Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004. shall apply to paragraphs 26 to 32 shall be used in accordance with Annex X to Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004.
( 5 ) Sub-paragraphs under Annex XI to Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004, except in point 11.1 (Historical financial data).
Official Journal of the European Union L 150/66 COMMISSION IMPLEMENTING REGULATION (EU) No 487/2012 of 7 June 2012 on the registration of the name in the register of protected designations of origin and protected geographical indications (Tomate La Ca ⁇ ad (PGI))
THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION, Having regard to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, Having regard to Council Regulation (EC) No 510/2006 of 20 March 2006 on the protection of geographical indications and designations of origin for agricultural products and foodstuffs ( 1 ) , and in particular Article 7(4) thereof, Whereas:
applications for registration of the name ‘Tomate La Ca ⁇ ada’ submitted by Spain were published in accordance with the first subparagraph of Article 6(2) of Regulation (EC) No 510/2006 in the Official Journal of the European Union ( 2 ) .
, since the Commission has not been notified to the Commission pursuant to Article 7 of Regulation (EC) No 510/2006, that name must be entered in the register, HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION:
Article 1 The name listed in the Annex to this Regulation shall be entered in the register.
Article 2 This Regulation shall enter into force on the 20th day following the publication in the Official Journal of the European Union .
, this Regulation is binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States.
, Brussels, 7 June 2012. On 7 June 2012. On 7 June 2012.
, my phone might be called to death to death. It can be called to death.
Michigan University wants to organize debate with us.
, as well as Georgian, where is Mr Low?
, when do I come to me? And when do the row come to me? And when I come to me? When I get a row of me? When I get a row of me?
, before you think, James, before you think, James, before you think.
? When? When? When? When? When? When? When? When? When? When? When? When? When? When? When? When? When? When?At the time?
, when you're ready, you're ready to be ready, you'll be ready when you're ready. Once you're ready, you're ready.
, how good is our son? If you see how it is worthy of our son? If we are to be the son of our son?
, he knows what it's for his mother to live alone alone for his mother, he knows how to live alone for his mother.
, nobody ever invites her... nobody will visit her... ...and nobody will visit her... ...anyone will see her... ...and no one will visit her... ...then... ...there is to be the one who is... ...investment... ...and the... ...and the... ...investment... ...and the... ...and the... ...investment...
? So the dead woman gave you a carpet in the room? So the dead woman gave you a carpet room?? she gave you a card room?
, of course, not that, of course, not that not, of course, not that not, of course, not that it is not.
, I mean, she needed help, I mean, she needed help. I mean, she needed help. I mean, she needed help. I mean, she needed help.
, someone who would publish it to someone who would publish it to someone who would publish it.
, a person dedicated to the case, who is dedicated to the case, to a case, to a person dedicated to a case.
, who could trust someone she could trust. Someone who could trust.
what's behind the hole, what's this like in the hole is behind the hole. It's behind the hole. It's behind the hole.
that guy's crazy guy's crazy, he's crazy, he's crazy, he's crazy. He's a guy's crazy.
, the dusty is a stubborn fanatic who has already been slown into many cases.
, you know, the original plan should probably be published by the Gale Certificate after the Galen conviction. You know, what, you know, the original plan was supposed to be to be published by the tape after the Galen conviction.
, you know, after a year or something. You know, after a year or something. You know, after a year or something. You know, after a year or something.
it would have been out, and it would still have returned his dignity.
, so Dusty Wright is sitting on the tape, waiting for the Wright, and waiting.
, and the only one who knows about it is the only one who knows about it. It is the only one who knows of it. It is the only one who knows about it. It is the only one who knows about it.
, the old Dusty starts to think that one wrong transport is more useful than rescue for the last moment.
, therefore, the Member State itself cannot manage its internal tax system, in particular as regards direct taxes, without information coming from other Member States.
to eliminate adverse effects of this phenomenon is inevitable to develop between tax administrations of the Member States’ new administrative cooperation.
instruments that would create confidence between Member States by setting the same rules, obligations and rights for all Member States are required to establish instruments which would create confidence between Member States and the same rules, obligations and rights for all Member States.
, in the first cranaiian, Diagoras had returned to the sword and wiped his sweat into the red cloak.
, they're quite strength," he said.
, next to him, Certac nodded beside him.
"You have appreciated it, you have carefully evaluated it. "You have detained it, you have obediently appreciated it.
, they seem to be able to cross us."They might be able to run through us."They seem to be able to run through us."
, "We'll have to give up, right?" he whispered behind their backs of Oras and winked him in his eyes.
"I don't think it's too likely to me," said Certac.
"I admit that it is a pleasant thought."I admit that it is a pleasant thought."
, the flow of the pedestrian on the black stallion, and he cried to a number of the Drenajians.
, Delnar and Drus, and waited out of the row, and drew out the side of Druss, and waited.
, he leaned the harvest just before the two men, leaning back on the saddle-colored seal.
? said Drus?" he said. "Drusse?" he said.
do you?  ⁇ Is it you?'' said the one, 'You're the ones?"
, Druss looked carefully at the bright features and silver, sank dark hair spinning into two long hips.
"Weln, Bodasene," he said, his uninterrupted warrior, with a axe.
If you have been given Inflectra during pregnancy, your child may have a higher risk of infection. If you have been given Inflectra during pregnancy, you may have a higher risk of infection.
important information is that you should tell your doctor if you are taking Inflectra before the child is given any vaccine (see section on vaccination).
transport and machine operating is unlikely that the use of Inflectra would affect your ability to manage transport vehicles, operating machines or machines.
If you feel no device or use any device or machines after injecting Inflectra. If you feel dizziness, do not drive transport means or use any device or machines after you do not use Inflectra.
Infectra contains sodium This product contains less than 1 mmol (23 mg) sodium in one dose, i.e. essentially ‘no sodium’.
I know I'm known as a notorious bullshit, and that no one believed me in the court or the word but Charlie Burke was there-- it's not just my imagination.
, I'm sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
, they took us to the prison of Park Royal, which is the old Victorian fortress for the most dangerous crimes into the wing with maximum collateral.
, instead of birth, the place of birth is born. The place of birth is born.
, Belfast, the Belfastfast. The Belfastfast. The Belfastfast. Belfastfast. The Belfast is a Belfast.
so you're Brit, you're Brit, you're Brit. So you're Brit. You're Brit. You're Brit. You're Brit. You're Brit. You're Brit. You're Brit.
, this is your home to the end of life. It's your home to the end of life. It's your home to the end of life. It's your home to the end of life.
, here, here, here, here, here, here, the tides.
, the manager of the prison, Barker gave us blue uniforms with yellow stripes.
, we were category A-- the highest security, together with violent and murderers and murderers. We were the highest security category A-- the highest security, together with violent and murderers and murderers.
I said my dad was gonna fight for the appeal, but I didn't want to hear about the right or hear. My dad said we were gonna fight for appeal, but I didn't want to hear about the right or hear.
, you'll go to me behind me. Come to me, go behind me. I'm going to be there for me.
, Gerry, you're going to go, Gerry. Come on, go, go, go, Gerry.
, Ronnie, Ronnie, Ronnie, who's a Ronnie, and Ronnie, and I'm gonna be able to get Ronnie.
, Irish hnus.  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  
thinking what others would do if they knew you stole my chip and killed two of my people.
, the future of my firm is in the hands of the stolen product. It is in the hands of the stolen product.
, you swear, you didn't come to Vergis. You swear you didn't get to Vergis.
on MCP? On MCP? The MCCP? The MCCP?
, he knows about it, he knows about it, he knows about it. It's the story of it. It's the one he knows about it.
I'm here to buy Capricanes Bukanáry, to buy Capricanes, I'm here to buy Capricanes, Bukanáry. I'm here to buy Capricanes.
, it's your dream, it's your dream, it's your dream, it's your dream. It's your dream. It's your dream. It's your dream. It's your dream. It's your dream.
I dream is to destroy your dream, my dream is to destroy them, your dream is to destroy them.
in New Cap City, welcome in New Cap City City. Welcome to New Cap City City in New Cap City.
what is the goal of this game? What is the goal of this game? What is the goal of this game? What is the game? What is the goal of this game? What is the game?
, this is mystery, this is a mystery. It's a mystery. It's a mystery. It's a mystery. It's a mystery.
I thought my daughter was gone forever, and I thought my daughter was gone forever. I thought my daughter was gone forever.
, Tamara sent me to Tamara. It's sending me to Tamara. She sent me to Tamara. She sent me to Tamara. She sent me to Tamara.
, V-World and can't get away. It's in V-World and it's not going to get away. It's in V-World and can't get away.
I'm the daughter's dead is dead. My daughter's dead is dead. My daughter's dead is dead. It's dead.
, it is very large, very large, very large, very large, it is very large. It is very large. It is very large. It is very large. It is very large. It is very large. It is very large. It is very large. It is very large.
what is the model? What is the model?What is the model?What is the model?What is the model? What is the model?
, in order to prevent cases under support protection based on humanitarian grounds for which [Directive 2004/83], the Presidency therefore proposes to limit the scope of the provisions of point (b) the formulation that, in the country of origin, the real threat of torture or inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment.’ ( 26 ) 65.
, in the judgment of Elgafaji ( 27 ) , the Court stated that Article 15(b) of Directive 2004/83 ‘Case C-ECHR’ ( 28 ) but the EU legislature restricted its scope to treat ‘the applicant in the country of origin’ ( 29 ) which includes direct or indirect responsibility of the public authorities of that country.
, in particular, the international protection system and the status of the support protection is indeed own and specific protection mechanism ( 30 ) which differs from obligations imposed by the Contracting States Article 3 of the ECHR.
! Stop them! Stop them! Stop them! Stop them! Stop them!
! Myung-hoon!! Myung-hoon!!! Myung-hoon!!!Myung-hoon!!!!Me-hoon!
! Myung-hoon!! Myung-hoon!!! Myung-hoon!!!Myung-hoon!!!!Me-hoon!
Hye-in!-in!! Hye-in!-in!-in!-in!-in!-in!
Hye-in!-in!! Hye-in!-in!-in!-in!-in!-in!
, I'm here! Here I'm here here! Here I am here! Here I am here! Here I am here! Here I am here! Here I am here! Here I am here!
Hye-in!-in!! Hye-in!-in!-in!-in!-in!-in!
! Myung-hoon!! Myung-hoon!!! Myung-hoon!!!Myung-hoon!!!!Me-hoon!
Hye-in!-in!! Hye-in!-in!-in!-in!-in!-in!
, I'm here! Here I'm here here! Here I am here! Here I am here! Here I am here! Here I am here! Here I am here! Here I am here!
out of the car! Out of the car! Out of the car! Out of the car! Out of the car!To out of the car!To out of the car!
! Myung-hoon!! Myung-hoon!!! Myung-hoon!!!Myung-hoon!!!!Me-hoon!
! Li Myung-hoon!! Li Myung-hoon!! Li Myung-hoon!!! Li Myung-hoon!!!!Myung-hoon!!
, you're surrounded by the surrounded. You're surrounded by the surrounded. You're surrounded by the surrounded. You're surrounded.
, throw the weapon away the weapon. Give the weapon away. Give the weapon away.Seave the weapon.
50 after the birth of Christ, 50 after the birth of Christ.
, I thought it was my thought. I thought this was what I thought.
, I'm somehow stinked down here. I'm somehow populated. I'm somehow populated. I'm somehow populated. I'm somehow populated.
I was hit in my head recently, and they hit me into my head.
? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you?
"Let it." I said, "I said, "Let me do it." I said. "I said, "I am not." I said. "I said. "I have said. "I have said.
I was speaking in my own voice, though I looked like Julie, I spoke to my own voice.
, "Don't do it." "Let's leave." "Let's leave."
"Do you not like it? Does it like you? Does it like it? Does it not like you? Does it like it? Does it not like you? Does it like it?
, I'm enjoyed by it. It's fun to me. It's a lot of fun. It's fun. It's a lot of fun. It's a lot of fun. It's a lot of fun.
"Let me tell you, I say to you." "Let me tell you." "Let me tell you."
"Jack, there's no fun with you anymore." "Jack, there's no fun with you anymore." "There's no fun with you anymore."
I pulled a picture behind Julie's face, tried to pull it as a mask.
I felt my own skin only under my fingers, but I felt my own skin.
, when I scratched into my face, the scratched on Julia's face in the mirror.
I raised my hand and touched my hair and touched my hair. I raised my hand and touched my hair.
, he had been hitting the concrete floor on the concrete floor.
"Let it off me." I cracked out."I broke out. I broke out.
"Take it." "Let it." "Let it." "Sun it." "Sun it." "Sname it." "Sun it." "Sname it."
I heard the hissing and Julia's skin was gone, and then she had come to the air, and then she had been brought to Julia.
, the faint thighters, losing too many blood. It has a lot of blood, has a hit with a thigh artery, losing too much blood.
, no, my hand... burns! He's burning! He's got a fire!
, it's poison, it's poison, it's poison, it's poisoning poison, it's poisoning them. It's poisoning them. It's poisoning them.
, you have to decide whether you let it move it into the transformation of it. You must decide whether you let it move it. If you leave it to transform it.
... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No... No...
, you know, you know, you know, you're gonna be a bitter!
still bleeding still still bleeding. It's still bleeding. It's still bleeding. It's still bleeding. It's still bleeding. It's still bleeding.
, just give me your belt. Give me your belt. Give me your belt. Give me your belt. Give me your belt. Give me your belt.
Carlisle, what kind of option I have? What kind of option do I have?
, drag it over my hands, pull over my hands.
, Carlist!! Carlist!! CARliste!!!Carliste!!!Carliste!!
, you're going to be a good one, go. Go, go, go, go, go, and go, and go.
, you have to try the poison to try the poison to send out the poison. You have to try the poison. You have to try the poison to send out.
, so find the will... stop... to stop. Stop it!
, you choose your choice, choose your choice, to choose your choice. Choose your choice. To choose to choose.
I'm diving deeply, I'm diving deeply down. I'm diving deeply asking myself to dive. I'm dating deeply.
what was it? What was it? What was it? What was it? What was it? What was it? What was it? What was it? What was it? What was it?
what is the temperature below? What is the temperature down there? What is the temperature below? What is the temperature down there? It's below? What's the temperature down there?
on the outbreak of robotic arms and removal of samples.
what was it? What was it? What was it? What was it? What was it? What was it? What was it? What was it? What was it? What was it?
, damn, the hell, the hello, and the hell, hell, the hello, the hello, the hello, the helloppers, the helloftain, the helloppers, the helloppers, the helloppers.
, the restarture power supply. The restarture power supply. The restarture power supply. The restarture power supply.
, we'll carry out a few tests to testify. We'll carry out a few tests. We'll carry out a few tests.
abnormal increase in the flow flow rate was abnormal.
is it a remote control fault? Does it not it a remote control fault? Does it not it be a remote control? Does it not have a remote control fault? Does it be a remote control?
, you're gonna be a bit of a hip!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
? Can you switch this video? Can you switch this video? Can you switch this video?To overload this video? Can you turn it into video?
something came into the probes?Something came into the probes? It hit something into the probes?
, it seems like it was right under the probation, it seemed right beneath the probation, it seemed to be a probe.
! Show me the last data we have earned. Show me the last data we have earned.
, you should be supposed to be a bit of a kind, you should be supposed to be to be.You should be supposed to be.You should be supposed to be.You should be a lot of time, you should be.
, it's a big day, it's a big day, it's a big day, it's a big day, it's a day. It's a big day. It's a day. It's a day.
? have my gift? Did you get my gift? Do you get my gift? Do you get my gift?
, what? what? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What?Me? What?May?
, you're a car, a Ko ⁇  Ko ⁇  Ko ⁇  Ko ⁇ . Ko ⁇  Ko ⁇  Ko ⁇ . Ko ⁇  Ko ⁇  Ko ⁇ .  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  Ko ⁇ .  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  Ko ⁇ .  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  Ko ⁇ .
, you should have had him already, you should have it, you should have it now, you should have it. You should have it anymore. You should have it anymore. You should have it. You should have it anymore.
? I got a basket? I got a basket? I got a bin, uh, got in my shopping cart? I got a basket? I got a basket?
, he came, he was heavy. He was heavy. He came, he was heavy. He was came, he was heavy. He was tough. He was tough.
I was in my back, so I let him leave him for the health of the ground for the ground.
probably still lying there still is still lying there. It's probably still lying there. It's probably still lying there. It's probably still lying there. It's probably still lying there. It's still lying there.
I was told my staff was going to compare me that he came.
I'm going to find him to find him to find him. I'm going to find him to find him. I'm going to find him. I'm going to find him. I'm going to find him.
I had prepared him alone. I prepared him alone. I prepared him myself. I prepared him myself. I myself had him alone. I prepared him myself. I myself. I myself.
, the bond for $25 dollars, plus $25, the bond for $25.
, this is a long-term investment, a long-term investment, which is a long-term investment.This is a long-term investment.This is a long-term investment.
, the fireman, right. The fireman, right. The fireworker, right.
, wait here, wait here here, wait here, here, wait here, wait here, wait here, and here, wait here, and here, and here, the wait here.
, sir? sir?? The cigar, sir?
, I can't wait to wait for me to wait. I can't wait to wait. I can't wait to wait. I can't wait to wait. I can't wait. I can't wait.
how do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? Does it like it? Does it like it?
, it's so good it's so good it's so good it's so good. It's so good. It's so good. It's so good. It's so good. It's so good. It's so good. It's so good. It's so good.
, do you want to get a chance to get?? Maybe you'll be giving yourself? If you want to get a bit of a kind, you're gonna be able to get married, you'll be doing so?
, not, but, not, but, in the absence of a No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
, I'm sorry for the RePet.
? dad? dad? dad? dad? dad? dad? dad? dad? dad? Tati? Tati? Tati? Tati? Tati?
died Oliver? died? Did he die Oliver?
? is it RePet? Does it be RePet? Does it be RePet? It's REPORT? It's REPORT? It's REPORT? It's REPORT? It's RePet?
why do you think it's you that you think it's just that you think it's gonna be?
, you closed him out outside. You closed him out. You closed him out outside. You closed it out. You closed it out. You closed it out. You closed it out.
? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes?
, it's not pretty nice. It's not nice. It's not nice. It's not nice. It's not nice. It's not nice. It's not nice. It's not a nice one.
, it's ungustable. It's unsuchable. It's unsuch as the nasty. It's unsuch as it's unusual. It's unpleasant.
how is it called? What is her name? What is her name? What is her name? What is her name? What is her name?
, I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it.
, not, but, not, but, in the absence of a No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
, I mean, you're married to be married. I mean, you're married, you're married. I mean, you're married.
, you know what it's like. What it's like. What it's like. You know what it's like. What it's like.
... after they... have gone down? After they missed? After they missed? After they missed?
, I still don't know why I'm here. I don't know why I'm here. I don't know why I'm here. I don't know why I'm here. I don't know why I'm here.
, you could convince them to agree? If you agreed to agree?
, but he could not be my style, but it was not my style, but it was not my style. It was my style, but it was not my style.
I expected you to understand my feelings against the wrong use of strength.
, I know, Charles. I know, Charles. I know, Charles. I know, Charles. I know, Charles. I know, Charles.
, when at last, do you stop telling me? If you're finally going to stop teaching me anymore? If you're finally going to stop me?
I'll stop listening to me when you start listening to me. I'll stop listening to me when you start listening to me.
Bobbie Bobbie, Bobbie, Bobbie, Bobbie, a Bobbie, Bobbie, who was a member of the bachelor's.
I'm happy and I'm healthy because I understand what is important in life. I'm happy and I'm healthy because I'm happy, because I'm healthy because I understand what is important in life.
, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. The Yes. The Yes.
, your new book. Your new book is a new book. Your new book. Your new book. Your new book.See the book.
, that's the right to have a right to do so. It's got the right to have a right to do so. It's got the right to do so.
, what is important, my new cookbook is, my new cookbook. It's important, what's important, my new cookbook is.
I have my husband and my family and make a perfect home home and my husband and my family and make a perfect home home.
is the lesson every girl needs to learn about them. It is the lesson every girl needs to learn. It is lessons every girl needs to learn.
, especially you, especially you, especially you, especially you, especially you, especially you.
I'm your friend, Joanna, I'm your friend, Joanna. I'm your friend, Joanna, I'm your friend, Joanna.
I'm going to help you go to help you to help you I'm helping you go to you. I'm helping you go to help you.
, you need me to be needed to you, you need me, you need me, you need me, you need me, you need me. You need me. You need me. You need me.
Leflunomide is effective in animal models of arthritis and other autoimmune diseases and transplantation, particularly / immunosuppressive properties, acting as antiproliferative agents and characterises anti-inflammatory properties.
in animal models of autoimmune diseases, leflunomide has the best protectionive effect if given at the early stage of disease progression.
in vivo is rapidly and almost completely metabolised to A771726, which is active in vitro and is assumed to be responsible for the treatment effect.
Mechanism of action of the effect of the mechanism of action by Mechanism of action, Mechanism of action, effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the action of the effect of the action of the effect of the action of the effect of the action of the effect of the effect of the effect of the action taken by Mechanism of the effect of the action taken by Mechanism of the effect of the action.
active metabolite of leflunomide A771726 inhibits human enzyme dihydroorotate dehydrogenase (DHODH) and shows antiproliferative activity.
clinical efficacy and safety efficacy and safety of clinical efficacy and safety of the clinical efficacy and safety of efficacy and safety of the clinical efficacy and safety of the clinical efficacy and safety of the clinical efficacy and safety of the clinical efficacy and safety of the clinical efficacy of and safety
Revmatoid arthritis of Revmatoid arthritis, Revmatoid arthritis, revmatoid arthritis, revmatoid arthritis, revmatoidal arthritis, revmatched arthritis, and in the course of the arthralis,
effects on Repso in rheumatoid arthritis were monitored in 4 controlled trials (one phase II and three at phase III).
– The reasoning and objectives of the proposal The proposal responds to a sharp decline facing the European economy as a result of the financial crisis and the deficiencies in the security of energy supply in the Community, highlighting the gas gas crisis.
implementing the European Economic Recovery Plan (COM(2008) 800) approved by the European Council on 11 to 12 December 2008.
proposals in the area of broadband technologies and rural development specifically respond to the European Council's request for the development of detailed and objective list of measures.
– General context The financial crisis has started to reflect on the autumn of 2008 in the real economy.
in the area of gas gas, concerning the lack of gas supply produced in Russia into the Community, emerged in December 2008.
, as the economic crisis and the gas crisis highlighted the lack of energy interconnections in Europe, are structural problems for the European economy and the prosperity of European citizens.
planning to be developed, which is currently being implemented; this proposal on the financial stimulus for key components of the energy sector represents the basic element of the plan.
– The current rules applicable to the area of the proposal Part of the Trans-European Network Programme focusing on energy infrastructure are intended to stimulate the link between cross-border gas and electrical systems; the same objective also have three sub-programs under this proposal.
, that's true, that's true, it's true, that's true, it's true. It's true. It's true. It's true. It's true. It's true. It's true. It's true.
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
, and it is for the reason for it, and it is for the reason for it. It is the reason why it is for it. It is the reason why it is.
, the great reason for the great reason, the great reason for the great reason, and the great reason.
what's going on here? What's going on here? What's going on here? What's going on here? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on?
? You pack me up? You're gonna pack me in the package? You're gonna pack me? You're gonna miss me?
, not, but, not, but, in the absence of a No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
, I'm Zoe Hart. I'm Zoe Hart. I'm Zoe Hart. I'm Zoe Hart. I'm Zoe Hart. I'm Zoe Hart.
, Harley's daughter, Harley's daughter, who was daughter, and Harley's daughter.
you're gonna get a lot of money. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
I had moved to Alabama again and talked about the future and the family, so I thought it was time.
, you thought the best way to come here and pretend you're a manager of magician?
, I was afraid of myself. I was afraid of myself. I was afraid of myself. I was afraid of myself. I was afraid. I was afraid. I was afraid.
I should have told you who I came here, just as I came here. I was supposed to tell you who I was supposed to be, I was supposed to tell you who I was right now, as I came here.
I'm too sorry to hear it too much. I'm really sorry for it. I'm really sorry for it. I'm really sorry. I'm really sorry. I'm really sorry.
, not, but, not, but, in the absence of a No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
why is the problem finding the body? Why is it the problem? If the body is to find the body? Why is it the body problem?
is divided into tacts filtering channels.
, there were a little fight around the contract when it was built. It was a contraction when it was built.
many people wanted to join it, and many people wanted to join it. Many people wanted to join it.
! No one knows where the river ends! The river ends! The river ends!
, I'm an engineer in the maintenance department in the maintenance department. I'm an engineer in the Department of Maintenance Division. I'm an engineer in the Department of Maintenance.
, I want the body to find it. I want the body to find myself. I want the body to find myself. I want the body to find myself. I want the body to find it.
neck, neck, chest bullets and lots of blood that would fill the bath.
, I want the body to be the body, I want the body, I want it body, I want it body, I want it body, and that body. I want it. I want to do it. I want it body.
, he's gone forever... Anna... Anna, she's gone forever... ...and she's gone forever... ...and she's gone forever... ...and she's been anno.
... you killed him... you killed him... you killed him. You killed him... ...and killed him... ...and you killed him.
, always, you'll always come back... ...he'll always come back... ...he'll always come back... ...and back... ...and back... ...and back... ...and back... ...there's always... ...there's a... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...when he's been back...
, always, always.  ⁇ s always, always.  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇ 
? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello?Ho?Ho?Hoo-site, eh?
, at the latest six months after data and information originated from the first assessment carried out under Article 8 and the monitoring programmes provided for in Article 11 shall also be provided by the European Environment Agency for the purposes of carrying out its tasks.
Article 20 Commission reports 1.
, the Commission shall publish the first evaluation report on the implementation of this Directive within two years of receipt of all programmes of the measures, but, in any event, by 2019, at the latest by 2019.
reports then the Commission publishes every six years, and the Commission publishes the reports, every six years, the Commission publishes the Commission publishers every six years.
, the report is presented to the European Parliament and the Council.
, therefore, it would be appropriate that the Council adopt principles, priorities and conditions applicable to each European partnership.
I'm hundreds of years older than you, but I'm about hundreds of years older than you. But I'm about hundreds of years older than you.
I was a horrible wet girl, yes, it was a very wet whore, it was a yes.
I had enjoyed, and I was used... and I was utilized...
! ... sit down! ... on a much larger bedrooms.Feat! ... on a lot of bigger beds.People, sit! ... on a lot of bigger beds.
, I was not used to be so big bed as Golders Green has. But never, for my whole life, I have never been used for my life, but I have not been used for such a big bed as Golders Green.
who's the fuck Golders Green? Who's the fuck is Golders Green? Who's the fuck is Golders Green? Who's the fuck? Who's Golders Green?
, Golders Green. Golders Green. Golders Green. Golders Green.
his true name no one knew his true name. He knew his true name. He didn't know his true name.
, in fact, nobody knew anything about him, except that he lived somewhere in Golders Green somewhere.
Jesus Christ! Saint Jesus Christ! Christ! Saint Jesus Christ! Saint Jesus Christ!
, you know, he was very discrete, you know. He was very discrete, you know. He was very discreet, you know.
, it was an orthodox Jewish Jewish. It was an orthodox Jew. It was an orthodox Jew.
, so, that was yours, the boy, sir?? Was it yours... the boy, sir?
2 0 2 2 2 Cleaning and maintenance Appropriations 2010 Appropriations 2009 Outturn 2008 Remarks This appropriation is intended to cover: expenditure on cleaning and maintenance of space, lifts, central heating, air conditioning, electrical installations and related adjustments and repair, purchase of maintenance, washing, white, dry cleaning and cleaning, as well as all supplies needed for maintenance.
what is this? What is this? What is this? What is it? What is this? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it?
, please, listen to yourself. Please, listen to yourself, please, listen to yourself.
documents to identify Lien Mahi's Liah identification documents to identify the Lien Mahi.
, the false birth certificate. The false birth certificate. The false birth certificate.
, the False Passport Passport Fake Passport Fake Passport.The Fake travel passport passport Fake passport.
, the death sheet. The death certificate. The death certificate. The death certificate. The death certificate.
, the confirmation of the balancing balsification. The confirmation of the Balazamination.
, all that is necessary to believe the Ministry of Interior that Lien Mah was Chinese nationality, and died during the stay in the United States, and the documents necessary to return home.
who would send the false body of China to China? Who would send the false body to China?
I would say some clever smugglers, I guess, some clever smugglers. I'd say, some clever smugglery smugglers.
, so if Lien Mah's sub-possession, whose body is moving over the ocean?
"Marjory Lin, 24 years old, was stored for rest on Monday afternoon."
not 10 hours later her body stole during the unreasonable" stolen the graves. Not even 10 hours later, her body stole stolen during the insectory" stolen the graves.
, do you think the smugglers abuse the body of Marjorie Line?
.Prove a photo from the false passport of Mahi, with a photo of Marjory Line from the documents.
, you're keeping the last minute, you're gonna keep up with the sticker, keep upholding the sticker.
? - No, it's a pre-tunition? - No, it's a pre-tunition. It's a presumption? - No, it's a pre-tunition.
you said that the guy who hung himself might have worked for Gina Fisher.
Gino didn't do this. He didn't do this. Gino didn't do this. It didn't do this.
how do you know it? how do you know it? How do you know it? How do you know it? How do you know it?
, because it's too smart to kill a policeman, and this isn't his style. - It's a presumption? It's a presumption?
, it's a pre-tunition. It's a pre-tunition. It's a pre-tunition. It's a pre-tunition. It's a pretext.
, and a technical licence, please, the driver and technical card, please.
, you can be able to get you a chance to get a look at the youth of the can.
, Arthur Gallera, Arthur Gallera.
I prefer Art. - Well. - Well. I prefer Art. - Well. I prefer. - Well. I prefer Art. - Well. I prefer. - Well.
I crossed the speed and you watched me. I've been watching me and you've been watching me. I've been watching me speed and you've been watching me.
, Crawford had taken the first to the care of the care and soon after the intensive care unit in Jefferson's hospital.
KAPITLE 73 KRENDLER SI NEMOHL HAVE The more perfect publicity.
, in the event of the 9th anniversary of the FBI, a new seat was organised for the new office of management department for the crisis.
television sets have fully exploited the rare chances to enter the building J.T.C.A.T.Television staff have fully utilized the rare chances to enter the building of J.
Edgar Hoover Building and the C-SPAN news appeared to be a long shot from the speech of former President Bush, Director of the Department, all lively.
, the CNN selected short cuts from the speech and the rest appeared in the evening reports.
, when the Czech guests had finished the manifestations, the right moment for Krendler.
, all items are awarded to millions, but in fact they are mere cows. It is really just a few hundreds of them.
? It's a perfect system until someone outdoes know about it. So the whole thing gets Russian money for anything? It's a perfect system until someone outdoes it gets out of the outside.
if your sub-finger thinks he's just going to grow up and take the money together, he should pay attention.
?Who are you going to meet? Who are you missing? With whom do you come to meet? If you meet there, who you are missing? If you are there, you are missing?
, you're not in any way there's nothing to do with it. It's nothing to do with you. It's not the case. It's not the case.
, Carter, I thought, I was thinking, thinking, and I thought, and I was thinking.
I can't kill someone just so I can't kill someone, I can't kill someone. I can't just kill someone. I can't kill someone. I can't kill someone. I can't kill someone.
I was involved in the Federal, I didn't think...
, you didn't mean you didn't mean you didn't mean you didn't mean you didn't mean you didn't.
just looking elsewhere.You just looked out elsewhere. It was just you watching the other way.You were just watching the other.
, I can't do it anymore. I can't do it anymore. I can't do it anymore. I can't do it anymore. I can't do it anymore. I can't do it anymore. I can't do it anymore.
I'm not on your side, I'm not on your side. I'm not on your side, on your side, I'm not. I'm not on your side. I'm not. I'm not on your side. I'm not.
I will not let the murder here, but I will also not let it happen to be a murder here. I will also let the murder here.
?  ⁇ re we going to be a big deal?  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇ 
, you got a new job you got a new job. You got a new job. You got a new job. You got a new job. You got a new job. You got a new job.
"Bruenor will be surprised!" he will wonder!" he will be surprised!
Wulfgar had been breathing for a moment, he he he he he had to do, and he had to laugh himself when he remembered his dwarfs in the dwarves of the cans.
I would like to open a new file. I would like to open a new file. I would like to open a new file. I would like to open a new file. I would like to open a new file.
is 25 hedges in encyclopedia. There are 25 passwords in the encyclopedia.
, tell them, they go to the table, they go to the table, and they go to the table.
, I have the spaghetti's spaghetti. I have the spaghetti. I have the spaghetti. I have the spaghetti. I have the spaghetti.
, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you're gonna be doing so.
, they'll tast you like to tastes. They'll be gonna be happy to you. They'll be gonna like to tasting you. They'll be tasting you. They'll be tasting you.
, there are lots of unhealthy things there are a lot of unhealthy things.There are a lot of unhealthy things there. It's a lot of unhealthy things.
I thought about it and I don't want you going to my lecture. I'm thinking about it and I don't want you going to go to my lecture.
ing me, you'd be nervous to me. You'd be nervous to make me nervous. You'd be surprised to get me nervous.
I'm afraid enough, too, I'm afraid enough to get enough to do so. I'm afraid enough too. I'm afraid enough to get enough to do so.
, what? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What?Me??
I told you I didn't want you to be lectured on my lecture. I told you I didn't want you to be on my lecturer.
, I'm sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
30 minutes is nothing for someone who raced for 24 heures du Mans.
, please stop!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
two minutes' reservation. The two minutes' reservation. The two minutes' reservation. The two minutes' reservation.
? I convinced you? I convinced you? I convinced you? I convinced you? I have convinced you? I have convinced you? I have tested you? I have tested you?
, God, God, God! God, God!
, I take it as yes, I take it as yes, I take it as an an anonymous. I take it as an an anonymous. I take it as an an anonymous.
are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you in order to get a good deal? Are you okay? Are you okay?
, we need to get back here now, we need to get back here now.We have to get back to get back here.We have to get back here.We have to get back.We have to get back.We have to get back.
, Russ knew about Walt's supply from his supply of fish. Russ knew about Walt's van from his supply.
, the dog tried him when he took it when he took it.
, I don't think, detective, detective, I don't think so, Detective. I don't think so, Detective.
, you're sure he didn't slip and didn't fall on the knife? Do you think he was not sliding and didn't fall on the knife?
Mike watched us from the window when we were here before.
, no, no, no, please, please!- Hey!!!Oh, no, no, no, no, please, no, no, please, please, please!- Hey!
, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true. It's not true. It's not true. It's not true. It's not true. It's not true. It's not true.
, I tried to work with the team from the beginning of the team. I tried to work with the team from the start. I tried to work with the team. I was trying to work with the team.
! No one lists, Cour*a. No one lists, Courses, Courses, and I'm not listening.
, I think you like it, you like it. I think you like it. I think you like it. I think you like it.
, he was so bullshit, and now he's like, "I'm a gangsta." I'm a gangsta."
I was talking to you about the Mustang. I've been talking to you about Mustang. I've been talking to you about it. I'm talking about Mustang.
still you have it, you still have it? Do you have it? Do you still have it? Do you have it? Also, you have it? Yeah? Does it still have it?
what we're doing here today? What are we doing here today? What do we do? What we do here today? What do we do? What do we do here today? What do we do?We're here today?
... we have here... we have here... here we have here... here... we have here... here... we have here... here... we have here... here... we have here...
Ellie's smelling Ellie Ellie. The smelly Ellie Ellie-saving Ellie. The smelly Ellie Ellie.
Ellie's smelling Ellie Ellie. The smelly Ellie Ellie-saving Ellie. The smelly Ellie Ellie.
we will try to tear someone to help us bury it in the garden. We will try to attract someone to help us to bury it in the garden.
I thought it was fun to hire a guy to come and dig up the hole in the garden, thinking it was for tree or something, and then tell him:
"No, actually, it's for my wife, and you could bring the body out of the house, throw it into the hole and sew it up?"
, it was a disaster in the funeral institute to bury your wife's wife.
I hoped I would give you some money to help me bury it on her favorite place.
, I can't do it, no, no, I can't do it, no, no, I can do it, no. I can't do it, no.
I can give you $60, moreover, I can give you $60 plus $60. I can give you a $60,000.
I don't think it's legal, and I don't want to get into trouble. I don't think it's legal, and I don't want to get into trouble.
, we tried to do it in Columbus, and people didn't want to have anything to do with it. We tried to do it in Columbus, and people didn't want to have anything to do with it.
, I can't do it, I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it.
I can help you bring her out to bury it, to bury it. You can help me bring it out to me to bring it out to me to bury it.
, "Frodo!! "Frodo!! "Frodo! "Frodo!!
, my dear Mr. Frodo!" he shouted Sam and tears almost blinded him.
"That's Sam, I'm coming!" I came!" I came!" I came!" "It's Sam!" I came!" I came!"; "It's Sam!" I came!" I came!"
, she raised his lord and pressed him to her feet, and he had raised his lord and pressed him to himself.
Frodo opened his eyes open his eyes.
? he whispered something to me?" he whispered.
"But the other dreams were terrible." "But those others were terrible." "But those others were terrible." "But those others were terrible." "But they were terrible."
"You're not doing anything, sir," said Sam.
"It is true, it is true that it is true that it is true. It is true. It is true. It is true. It is true. It is true.
, I'm the one I'm the one I'm the one I'm the one I'm the one. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me.
I came here."I came to come."I came here."I came."I came."I came."I came."I came."I came."I came."I came."I came."I came."I came."
, "I cannot believe it," said Frodo, holding him firmly, holding him.
"He was here to bip, and suddenly turns in Sam! "He was here to be a bit of drum, and suddenly turns into Sam!
is authorised to receive monthly advance payments for operating costs referred to in Article 6(4) after the formal establishment, the Agency shall receive, after its formal establishment, the monthly advance payment shall be authorised to receive the operating costs referred to in Article 6(4) of the Agreement.
: OJ L 310, 9.11.2006, p. 15. 15.
EN EN EN EN EN EN Sizewrights (SESS) EN EN EN EN EN EN EN Size-Pointed (SESS) EN Official Journal of the European Communities (September 4), as well as EN EN EN EN EN EN EN
, as if the eastern part of our apartment was under the promise of celebate. It was under the promise of celebration.
, the stain, the stain. It's a stain of the oh, the stain.
, you'll ever get rid of the sweater Ellie? Do you ever get rid of the sweater Ellie? Do you ever get rid of the sweater?
, I hope not, I hope, not, that I hope, I hope, that not, I hope, that not, I hope, that not. I hope, not. I hope, not. I hope, not.
I'm happy sweater. It's my happy sweater. It's my happy sweater. It's my happy sweater. It's my happy sweater. It's my happy sweater.
, hey, hey, uh, you think Ellie's okay? Do you think Ellie's okay?
? Should I call again to the hospital? Should I call again to the hospital? I have to call again to the hospital again? I should I call again to the hospital?
? Do someone want a coffee. Do someone want someone? Does someone want a coffee? Someone wants to make coffee. Does someone want? Someone wants to make coffee. Does someone want? Someone wants to make coffee?
, I'm going to go to bed to bed and go to bed. I'll go to bed to bed. I'll go to bed. I'll go to bed. I'll go to bed. I'll go to bed.
I'm beginning to get too much to lie and silence around the spy thing. I'm starting with the very little people's lie and silence.
I start to feel that it's my real life, it's my real life. I'm beginning to feel that it's my real life is life.
, everything was expected to be expected to be everything. It was expected to be expected.
, there is a spy crisis of the spy. It is a real crisis of spy. It is a spy spy problem. It is a spy spy crisis.
I have a little concern about our coverage about our coverage, I have a little concern about our coverage of our coverage. I have a little concern about our coverage. I have a little concern about our coverage.
, he told me some extraordinary task, said it was super secret. It was a super secret task.
, in the same case, it should be noted that, contrary to the opinion of the Greek Government, Article 6(1) of Directive 83/183 cannot be applied to the second subparagraph of Article 6(1) of Directive 83/183.
what about what? What about what? What about what? What about what? What about it? What about it? What about it? What about it? What about it?
"Where the sea is going to be the sea is starting..."These is going to be the sea is starting..."These is going to be the sea..."
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
"I'm going to fall deeper... I'm going to fall deep... I'm going to fall in the deep... I'm going to fall in the deep...
, it's wonderful, it's wonderful. It's wonderful. It's wonderful. It's wonderful. It's wonderful. It's wonderful. It's wonderful.
! love! My love! It has love!!!!My love has love!
, this cannot continue forever, ever, ever, ever going on. It cannot continue to do this forever. It cannot continue forever. It cannot continue forever.
, four days ago, they have shown me... ...to bring reproductors so... ...to make the sounds inside, and find out whether they are still alive.. ...that were our instructions.
I pointed out their intolerance, but I pointed out their nonsense.
lessness? Nonsense? Nonsense? The insolvency of the intolerance?
?What? What? What? What in what? What? What?In what?In what?In what?In what?To what?In what?Meat?
, that's true, that's true, it's true, that's true, it's true. It's true. It's true. It's true. It's true. It's true. It's true. It's true.
... yesterday we sent a section... ...these clerk with the command to enter.
, by the evening when they returned to the casárenas, they returned to the casáren.
21 By letter of 24 March 2003, the Commission reiterated its initial application concerning the importation of material intended exclusively for military purposes, preceding 1 January 2003 and the following period covered by Regulation No 150/2003.
22 The Kingdom of Denmark remained in its reply of 7 May 2003 on its opinion on its opinion.
23 By letter of 17 October 2003, the Commission reiterated the Kingdom of Denmark to implement the calculation necessary for determining the amount of own resources not paid by the Community on the grounds of exempting the importation exclusively from duty as regards the financial period 1998 to 2002, the Commission granted the Commission’s own resources and to pay interest due to the extension of Article 11 of Regulation No 1150/2000.
I love you too. And I really like you to get to the rest of the run so well that they allowed you to leave at the bait.
? So your backup plan is dinner on the Girls' Liam? The Liam?
parents are from themselves. Mom and her boyfriend are in Paris, and dad and his girlfriend have a weird tree-complete event in the desert.
, what? What's the difference in the operation is to say, the operation is nothing, what? What? What? What's the difference is to be?
, this young boy, in the rebelling for the elderly woman, makes fun of the merger of the Church and the state.
, it's the beginning of free press in America, the beginning of the free press in America. It's a start of free press in America.
, and it was not easy, the Church was so powerful then. It was not easy, the Church was so much too powerful.
, sir, twelve, sir.
, Mr., Mr., I thank you, Mr., Mr., Mr., Mr., Mr., Mr., Mr., Mr.. I am pleased to see the Illicit Youth of the Site of the Site.
if you talk about it with a third person, call Mr Stevens older to distinguish us.
I am sure Mr Stevens is older in my work, but I assure you that I am good in my own.
"were" and not the hood "is" . . . .and they are the "his" and not the "his" punks and the "his" punk" and not the "his" . . . . .is . . . . .and they are the hood of the "hisput" .
is the definition of our quarterly Gentleman gentleman: this is the definition of our quarterly Gentleman: the Gentleman gentleman:
was an English chamber in the lndia. He was an English chamber in the lndia. He was an English chamber in the lndia.
"Sorry, sir," she whispered, not to disgruntil the ladies: "I'm sorry, sir," she whispered, to disgruntle the ladies:
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
, in the lndia everyone gets accustomed to lndia, everyone gets accustomed to lndia. Each addressees each addictions.
, when the chamber returns to the tea drink, he says, like nothing: if the chamber returns to the drinker, he says, "there's nothing":
"The dinner is served in the usual hour, sir.
, this is the ideal thing we should aim for. It's the ideal we should have to target.
: Give Stevense the elder on the fence, let it cool it out.
, the two parties therefore initialled an agreement in the form of exchanges of letters on the provisional use of the Protocol, which was paraffed and form a new Fisheries Partnership Agreement since 1 July 2007.
(5) In the interest of the Community, the agreement in the form of exchanges of letters is to be approved by the Community, in the form of an exchange of letters, is to be approved.
, I'm in this until after my throat. I'm in it until after my throat. I'm in it until after my throat. I'm in the throat. I'm in the throat. I'm in the throat.
, the fortune will be turned, gentlemen.
, I know that I know it certainly is sure I know that I know it, I know, surely, I know that I know it, I know, I know, that is what I know.
, don't worry, I'm just borrowed a debt note. Don't worry, I'm just enough to pay my bond depreciation.
, good night, good night, goodnight, goodnight, goodnight, goodnight, and the goodnight of the night.Since the goodnight.
I was born in the cave.
I didn't tell anyone's clothes, I didn't misclaim anyone's clothes. I didn't mislead someone.
, you'll be so stern on yourself. Don't be so strict. Don't be so stringent on yourself. Don't be so stringent. Don't be so stringent.
I was a fish drained from water and I really felt it today. I was a fish dragged out of water and I felt it really this day.
Lord Gillingham tried to warn me, but I didn't listen to him.
? - No. - No. - No. - No.
, like so, like so, like so, like so, like so, like so, like so, like, uh... as a... the... Like, uh, the... the...Speaking...
what's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on?
you knew that Lady Rose found the chamophone of Mr. Crawley? Did you know that Lady Rose found Mr. Crawley's graph?
[1] The International Day of Roma was established in 1971 at the First Roma World Congress.
(2 ) OJ L 180, 19.7.2000, p. 22.
a Dose Restoration is repair within the EU own resources own resources.
, this means that Member States may deduct 75% of the actual excess dose of the EU own resources to be paid to the Member States.
, you get out here, you get out there, you get out there, you get out there. You get out there. You get out there. You get out here.
what's going on here? What's going on here? What's going on here? What's going on here? What's going on here? What's going on here? What's going on?
, give me a cigarette cigarette. Give me a cigarette cigarette. Give me a cigarette. Give me a cigarette.
, you can't smoke so much as to smoke so much. You can't smoke so much. You can't smoke so much. You don't smoke so much. You don't smoke so much.
. I thank you. - Thank you. - Thank you. - Thank you. I will do this to you. - Thank you.
, the study of the eggs saw a egg as they split ... ... ... and then again divided into the re-allocation.
, then slowly, cells begin to specialize and form different parts of the body of the unsuccessful pupils.
, and it's not just a pucker that grows this way that's growing this way. It's not just a pucker who grows this way.
, what is true about the grooms is true is also true for us, and what is true is true about the grooms is also true for us.
, this is an unusual idea that each of the bilion cells that form my body originally comes from only one cell.
Mikroscope revealed two basic rules of life - the Microscop revealed two fundamental rules of life - the Microskop revealed two fundamental rules of life - - the microcop revealed two fundamental rules of life - - the microcopes of life -
every living creature on this planet is created from cells... ..and cells emerg from other cells.
, to understand the cell, means understanding the life of life.
, it was not so easy, because even with the best microscopes all you could see was the core in the passive cough.
, if biologists wanted to take another step, they had to find a way to make invisible visible. If biologists wanted to do the biodiesel to do the next step, they had to find a way to make the invisible visible.
will need help and get it from two very different worlds, theoretical physics and the world of fashion.
, in 1850, she tucked into the scene of the first synthetic color, by creating a whole range of new colours.
, the fashion led to demand, led to demand.
and art was also re-existing and re-established.
painting color was produced in the industrial scale of German chemistry.
, not so fast, not so fast so quickly, so fast. Not so fast. Not so fast. Not so fast. Not so fast.At the fastestone so quickly.
, the war, the war. "I'm war, war, war.
what are the reports?"What are the reports?" "What are the messages?"
, Archifier shook his head: He shook his head: the Archifier shook his head: the head: the head: the archive shook: the head: the head: the archive: the head:
I smiled at him, and I smiled at him. I smiled at him. I smiled at him. I smiled at him. I smiled at him. I smiled at him.
"And you believe that 'besties wild, whose time is found, the trawl to Bethlehem, would be born'?"
, Archifier didn't smile. He didn't smile the Archifaker didn't smile.
, sir, I believe."I believe, I believe, I believe, I believe, I believe, I believe, that I believe."
! New York, we've been flying!We've been flying, we've been flying! New York, we've been flying!We've been flying!We've been flying!We've been flying!We've been flying!
I can't believe they moved me to the first class, I can't believe they moved me to the first class. I can't believe they moved me to the first class.
, you dare, you dare, you dare, dare you!
, just because you can fly with people is unfair.
, ou yeah. Ou ou ou ou lyah. . . . . ou ou ou lyah. . . . . . . . . . ou yeah. . . . . . . . . . . . . ou yeah.
, Axman, it's already in 8th morning, it's already in the 8th morning. Axman, it's already giving it to himself in 8:00 in the morning.
, you know, you know, you know, you're gonna be a bitter!
, not, but, not, but, in the absence of a No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
, Luciane, a luciane, a luciane, a luciane.
ein' me, Sonia, look at me, Sonia. Look at me, Sonio, look at me, Sonio.
, look at me, look at me, and I'm looking at me. Look at me, look at me. Look at me.
you look at me! Look at me! Look at me! Look at me! Look at me! Look at me!
, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, and I love you, and I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you.
I'm also gonna be you too, too, too, I'm also you too, too, you're also being too, I'm also gonna love you too. I'm also gonna love you, too.
, when this ends, you're not here, do you see? If you're finished, you're not going to be here, you're not gonna be here anymore, right?
, love, love, and love.
, not, but, not, but, in the absence of a No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
, you go free the others to free the others. Go free the others to free the others. Go free the others.Currently free the others.
! quick! quick!! quick quick!!!!!!!!!! Fastly fast! Fastly fast!
, behind me, behind me, behind me, I am behind me, and I am behind me.
, you're quite right, you're right, you're right, you're right, absolutely right. You're right. It's all right.
people who stop at the highway to play cars. Or those like: They are likewise people who stop at the highway, who can play cars. For they can play with them.
if you are a Alec Guinness and you were half a year in Japanese prison in a box, (the collision on film) you need to pull your legs, but not after 50 km of driving.
, like, it's with people who stop to eat to eat. It's the same thing with people who stop what they stop to eat.
? I can't imagine a route so long to need to pick energy.
, if you were going to Cairo to Chartou... - Yes, but in Britain, not.
if you're going from Lecester to Birmingham, you don't need food. If you're going from Lecester to Birmingham, you don't need food.
I'm glad you mentioned it because I want to say that it's one place I don't understand why people stop there.
Little Chef (UK engineer), because they take raw materials there, and then it's disappearance.
I stopped at Little Chef's morning and asked: "I can get omelet?" And the waitress told me: "I said to me: "I'm very soon at Little Chef stopped and asked: "I can get omelet?"
"I'm sorry, sir, they haven't brought us powder."We're not yet. I'm sorry, sir, I'm not yet brought us the powder."
that's not a good sign that yes? Does it not have a good sign that yes? Does it not have a good sign that yes? Does it be a good idea that yes?!
once in Little Chef fell my saucer from the plate and he left back.
, they're from old squash balls! They're from old squash balls! They're from old squash balls! They're old squash balls! They're old squash balls!
, we heard that they were planning to close half their bisters and we're not surprised. We're not at one of the still open ones. We stopped at the same time in one still open.
1 S. 0151 Portuguese special edition Chapter 13 Volume 1 S.
: 0151 Council Directive of 20 December 1968 amending Council Directive amending the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the colours permitted for use in foods intended for human consumption (68/419/EEC)
, it's a betazoid method. It's a betazoid method. It's a betazoid method. It's a betazoid method.
, when you're next to nervous, stimulate the nervous pressure point, so you'll be so nervous, you'll be next time you're nervous, press the nervous, press the nervous point, so.
, there is a nerve node, right behind the blood-colored.
, it's the part of the brain that creates endorphins. It's stimulating the brain that makes the endorphins.
, that sounds simply, it sounds simple, it sounds simple to the simple word of it. It sounds simple. It sounds simple. It sounds simple. It sounds easy to make it easy.
, here, here here, here here, here here. Here here, here here here, here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here.To here. Here. Here.
, you know, I feel better now, I feel better now, I feel better now, now I feel better. I feel better now, I feel better. I feel better now. I feel better. I feel better.
, I think I'm afraid I'm afraid of it, I think, I'm afraid of it, I think, I'm not afraid of it. I think I'm afraid of it.
, we talked about the rise of fear, we talked about the rise of fear, and we talked about the rise of fear.
, it's the best way to do it, how to do it, it's best way to do it. It's how to do it. It's how to do it. It's the best way to do it.
, probably, it's probably the way it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like that.
, I'm going to move there to move there. I'll leave to move there to move there. I'll leave to move there. I'll leave to move there. I'll leave you to move there.
! I can do it! I can do it! I can do it! I can do it! I can do it! I can do it! I can do it! I can do it! I can do it!
, there are no signs of life there are no signs of life. There are no signs of life.There are no signs of life.There are no signs of life.
, you're not the beginning of it. It's not the beginning. It's not the beginning of it. It's not the beginning of it. It's not really a start. It's not really a start.
, because it's a big step, it's a big step. It's a big step. It's a big step. It's a big step. It's a big step.
I was thinking about if I slept with you... and God, never even thought you would kill me.
, you know, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well.The well-being well.
, you know, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well.The well-being well.
at least go to the train at least to go to the train.
, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. The Yes. The Yes.
, and not too much of the broad, or so, the curtains are too wide, or so.
, I'm sure you're not going to be sure you're not going to be.
someone sometimes tells some little... and that like you would just fall into a blank place in your heart.
, your hair dryer hair, your hair, your hair, your hair, your hair, and your hair, and your hair, and your hair, and your hair, you know, is the one that is.
, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. The Yes. The Yes.
, I think it's so, I think it's so, it's so, I think it's so. I think it's so. I think it's so. I think it's so.
, you know, you're gonna be a good one, you're gonna be a good one. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey.He's been a bitter, hello, you're gonna be wearing a pair of pit-floor.
, we'll see you tomorrow, you'll see you tomorrow morning, you'll see you tomorrow. I'll see you tomorrow. I'll see you tomorrow.
Harris: It seems more interested in the taking of attention and handling.
research, which is on the Getty Museum website, is quite clear that he plays with perspective.
Dr. Zucker: and that realised it was conscious of Dr. Zucker: and that was conscious of it.
Dr. Harris: Deforming perspective.
, from recent research, it is apparent from the fact that the male observer we see is left, outside our supervision.
Dr. Zucker: Actually, we look at the right and combinations of these two perspectives commit these two figures together, but only in a reflect, in a way that is strangely harvested.
Dr. Harris : Somehow says that the mirror is not a thing that captures the truth, it is a metaphor. It is a metaphor.
, these paintings are mirrors of visual worlds.
, here, shows the mirror and claim, "No, mirrors are false, they are just built in a way like everything else, depending on the angle of the view."
! damn it! Damn it! Damn it! Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!
Marty's voice sounded strictly.
"Okay, Jone. "On the best, Jone. "On the best, Jone.
, we don't have time to attack your rage attacks. We don't have time for your attacks. We don't have time for your attacks.
I don't want to have holes in the walls, if I don't do it alone. I don't want to have hole in the walls, if I don't do it myself there.
, tell me what you came to for. If you came to me, you know, tell me what you came to.
I can help you, maybe I can help you."I can help you."I can help you."I can help you."
aid covers a part of the actual interest paid by loans or financial lease (except operating leasing).
aid amount is not exceeding 4 % of the annual loan or actual rates, if the credit rate is less than 4 %.
aid amount shall be calculated in accordance with the requirements of Article 19 of Regulation (EC) No 1857/2006.
Date of implementation: Date of implementation: Date of implementation: Date of implementation: Date of implementation: Date of implementation: Date of implementation: The date: the date of implementation:
time for the scheme or individual aid award:
: By 30 December 2013 Objective of aid: Until 30 December 2013 Objective of aid: Until 30 December 2013 Objective of aid: Until 30 December 2013 Objective of aid: Objective of aid: Until: 30 December 2013 Objective of aid:
development is aimed at fostering the development of rational and effective agricultural production by reducing production costs and introducing modern production technologies.
aid is granted in accordance with Article 4 of Commission Regulation (EC) No 1857/2006 of 15 December 2006 on the application of Articles 87 and 88 of the Treaty to State aid for SMEs active in the production of agricultural products and amending Regulation (EC) No 70/2001 and amending Regulation (EC) No 70/2001 of 15 December 2006 on the application of Articles 87 and 88 of the Treaty on State aid for small and medium-sized enterprises active in the production of agricultural products.
: The aid is intended for SMEs operating in the primary production of agricultural products.
Name and address of the granting authority: Name and address of the granting authority: Name and address of the granting authority:
, the Zemkop ⁇ bas ministerija R ⁇ ga, 2.2.2009.
aid will not be re-employed for the activities already made by the beneficiary.
aid amount granted to the individual undertaking shall not exceed EUR 281 120 LVT (400 000) or EUR 351 400 LVT (500 000), if the undertaking is situated in a disadvantaged area.
aid will only be granted to undertakings not in difficulty businesses only.
, we're not going to sell you, we're not going to sell you, we're not going to sell you, we're not going to sell you.
I have a job, but I have a job, but I have a job, but I have a job, but I have a job. I have a job. I have a job. I have a job. I have a job. I have a job.
? Really? Really? Really? Does it really? Does it really? - Really? - Really? - Really? - Really? - Really? - Really? - Really? - Really?
, on the store in the store in the store in the store in the store of food in the store in the store of food in the store in the store of food in the store of the store in the store of food in the store.
, the owner in the care house of the care house is in the care house.
, so, her son needs help, so her son needs help. She needs help. She needs help. She needs help.
, the trade is indeed the least of his problems, since I heard.
I was just helping around the trade, certainly, certainly. I just helped the trade, certainly, but I just helped around the trade, certainly.
, in full, considerably, the full reasoning of the full reasoning.
, but, but, but, however, the Ale Ale, but Ale Ale, but, alert, the Alege of the Alege, and the Aleksis, the Alege of the Aleks, and the Aleks, which are the one that is to say.
what we're doing? What about us? What about us? What about us? What about us? What about us? What about us? What about us?
, Junior, you'll have to go with me, Junior, you'll have to go with me, Junior. You'll have to go with me, Junior.
, maybe you can take a bus of Phillip? Maybe you can take home by bus? Maybe you can take a Phillip? Maybe you can take home by bus? Maybe you can take a bus?
! Phillip!! Phillip!!Phillip!!Phillip!!Phillip!!Phillip!!
, we all have to contribute to all of us all have to contribute. We all have to contribute. We all have to contribute. We all have to contribute. We all have to contribute. We all have to contribute. We all have to contribute.
, according to my uncle, you must run the curse.....
you tried to kill a wash-wolf, and you didn't succeed you'd tried to kill a washwolf, and you didn't succeed.
, Lisa, Liso, Lisa. Thanks, Lisa, Lisa.
, keep Caroline's unlocking, please.. please keep Caroline's unlocking, please keep the cable Caroline remote, please..
, it's your daughter, Liz. It's your daughter, Liz. It's your daughter, Liz. It's your daughter, Liz.
you have it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!You have it!!!!!!!!You have it!
... I'm just looking at the... I'm just looking at the... watching... I'm just looking at the... watching... I'm looking at the... watching... I'm looking at the...
... mm...Mmm...Mmm...Mmm...Mmm...Mmm...Mmm...M...Mmm...M...Mmm...M...M...M...M...M...M...M...
, Oh, no. This is not good. It's not good. Oh, no. This is not good.This is not good.This is not good.This is not good.This is not good.
, but yes, it's... um, but yes, it's... it's... um, but it's a yes, it's... um, yes, it's...
on this Katherine comes in... ...the Jessulti on it Katherine comes... ...then the Jesulti Jeslti comes... ...they will come... ...and the Jesulti Catherine comes... ...and the Jessiori... ...and the Jessiori... ...
... what Katherine... what Katherine... is... What Katherine... What is... What is...
, you're shh... you're shh... you're going to be a...
why do you stay here? Why aren't you staying here? Why aren't you staying here? Why aren't you staying here? If you stayed here?
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
, I should be able to handle this. I should be able to handle this. I should be able to handle this. I should handle this. I should handle this. I should handle this.
, you know, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well.The well-being well.
, we're going to find a sack of a sack.
sammy?Sammy?Sammy?Sammy?Sammy?Sammy?Sammy?Samy?
? Are you in the drive? Are you in the drive? Are you in the drive? Are you in the drive? Are you in the drive? Are you in the drive?
, yeah, well, okay, well, yeah, well, yeah, well, well, yeah, well, well, the good thing is to do with the good.
I lay on them and both were shot at them and shot them.
, you've done well, sheriff, you've been doing well, you've done well, sheriff.You've done well, you've done well, sheriff.
, here are the ingredients here are the ingredients here are the ingredients here. Here are the ingredients here. Here are the ingredients. Here are the ingredients.
death caused a number of missile defeat was a cause of death.
I had taken the fingerprints for you for them, of course, I took off the fingerprints for them.
? Can we look at the bodies? Can we look at the body? We can look at the body? We can look at the body? We can look at the body? Does this body?
, their bodies were sent to the funeral institute on the creamation, as was stated as desire in their will.
, that must be some record. It must be a record. It must be a record. It must be some record. It must be a record. It must be a record.
lag energetically shake for at least 5 seconds (D).
and here too, here too, here too, here too, here too, here too, here too, here too. Here's also here. Here's also here. Here's also here.
, Taxi! Taxi! Taxi! Taxi!Taxi!Taxi!Taxi!Taxi!Taxi!Taxi!Taxi!Taxi!Taxi!Taxi!
in the previous parts of Drop Dead Diva... - Hello. Hi.
, you know, you're gonna be a good one, you're gonna be a good one. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey.He's been a bitter, hello, you're gonna be wearing a pair of pit-floor.
don't you tell Grayson? Do you tell Grayson? Do you tell Grayson? Do you tell Grayson? Do you tell Grayson? Do you tell Grayson?
, like we look at pizza after aquaerobic. Yeah.
, Stacy, I tell him. - Mr. God. I'll tell him. - I'll tell him. - I'll tell him. - Mr. God.
, I want to tell you something important to tell you something important. I want to tell you something important. I want to tell you something important. I want to tell you something important. I want to say something important.
. - What? - What? - What? - What? - What? - What? - What? - What? - What? - What? - What? - What? - What? - What?
, Jane! Jane! Jane! Jane Jane! Jane! Jane! Jane! Jane! Jane! Jane! Jane!
, Grayson, please, Grayson. Please, Grayson.
, I'm sorry for sorry, I'm sorry for the sorryness of my pity, I'm sorry for the regret of regrettable. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
, Jane! Jane! Jane! Jane Jane! Jane! Jane! Jane! Jane! Jane! Jane! Jane!
, Jane, I know that you're Deb actually, Deb. I know you're Deb.
, my boys die for the mile away because of the meters. The boys die because of the mile away.
, the Hm. Hm. Hm. Hm. Hm. Hm. Hm. Hm. Hm. Hm. Hm.
RELATING TO THE LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION Adopted ( P7_TA(2013)0543 ) 7.26.
establishing criteria defining where the collection paper ceases to be waste within the meaning of Article 6(1) of Directive 2008/98/EC on waste (vote)
, the computers, east, east.
, this neural interface is damaged by the neural interface is corrupt.This neural interface is damaged.This neural interface is damaged.
, because he got a direct interference when one of your bullets scratched it on the ground of the skull of the skull.
I'll take care of you a new and install it to you. I'll take care of you a new and install it. I'll install it. I'll take care of you a new and install it.
, until I do not investigate her injuries, I shall not save her wounds until I have investigated her injuries.
how long? How long? How long? How long? How long? How long? How long? How long? How long? How long? How long? How long? How long? Does it take?
, two broken vertebrates and the propodated lungs - at least an hour.
? And he's he? And he's he? And he's he? And he? And he? And he? And he? And he? And he? The he?
, this time you would be more useful when you would repair the torn muscles of the muscles.
Last member of the crew you treated with the internal bleeding carcasser. Last member of the crew you've been treated with the internal bleeding bleeding.
, your crew is fragile. It is your crew's fragile. It's your crew is fragile. It's a fragile.
, they fall too easily, they fall too easily, too easily, falling too easily. They fall too easily. They fall too easily. They fall too easily. They fall too easily. They fall too easily.
what do you expect?What do you expect? What do you expect? What do you expect? What do you expect?
, you're just going to be in the last three weeks, you're shooting, burned, and you're rocking and you're rocking. In the last three weeks, you're just afraid of them, shooting, burned, burned, burned and you're rocking.
, their bodies were not created on something such as that. They were not created on something such as that.
, the son of Gloria. The son of Gloria. The son of Gloria.
, the huge fan of Rush. The huge fan of Rush.
, you're starting to frighten me, you're starting to frighten me.
how can you know this? How can you know this, how can you know this? How can you know this? How do you know this? Do you know this?
, because you have a Rush shirt, dementia, you have a Rush, a dementee shirt, you have a Rush, a Rush, a demente.
, because we know everything about each of you, and because we know everything about all of you all of you, all of you, we know absolutely everything about each of you.
! Without moving! Without moving! Without moving! Without moving! Without moving! Without moving! Without moving! Without moving!
, you put those workers from the table. Give those workers from the table. Give those workers from the table.Tell those tables from the table.
, Mr. Lucas. Good morning, Mr. Lucas.
, be silent!!!!!!!!!!Listen!!!Tell me!
, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. The Yes. The Yes.
, I hear his brady. I hear his bradycart. I hear his bradycart. I hear his brady. I hear his brady.
, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. The Yes. The Yes.
, quiet, quiet, quieto, quieto, quieto, quieto, quieto, quieto, quieto, quieto, and, as a result of the quietness of the quiet.
I wouldn't say that the gap was in my safety, but - how did you get here?
, here it is a murder,” Ollie said.
what do you mean how much it hurried?’  ⁇ What do you mean?’  ⁇ What do you mean?’  ⁇ What do you mean?’  ⁇ What do you mean?’
"Because I could..." "Because I could..."" "Because I could...""
, by failing to provide for a decision on a comitology which provides for non-confidential criteria for the choice of procedural conditions to be respected, according to the appellants in paragraph 55 of the judgment under appeal, it is not wrong to say that the regulatory procedure can be used only for measures with general scope.
– Arguments of the Commission 43 The Commission considers that the reference to recital 9 of Regulation No 3319/94 is not relevant for the purposes of interpreting Article 1(3) of this Regulation, which imposes a specific duty, if two objective conditions are met, namely the implementation of indirect invoices and imports of ZAP.
44 As regards Article 2 of the Comitology Decision, the Commission contests the CMF’s claim that the Court of First Instance stated that the regulatory procedure could be used only for measures with general scope.
, the Court’s findings 45 The two parts examined for the ground of appeal, and that is, even the very reason for appeal, have no separate existence.
47 As the Advocate General states, in paragraph 41 of his Opinion, both parts examined for the ground of appeal are more specifically raised within the fourth, respecting the third ground of appeal, which is disputed by the Court of First Instance’s own legal analysis.
48 That part of the plea, therefore, concur with the fourth, respected the third ground of appeal.
49 Consequently, it is not necessary to examine them independently, it is not necessary to examine them individually.
, because of the appeal alleging distortion of the facts The arguments of the parties Arguments of the appellants 50 CMF claim that the Court of First Instance recovered in paragraphs 14 to 28 of the judgment under appeal, in which the facts were reiterated, adopted a completely fictional legal design of the competent national authorities regarding the existence of a indirect invoice.
51 That performance is incomplete and incorrect, and thus leads to distortion of the facts.
, both were grown, over the eighty-eighty twenty-two-folds with a rough face.
, they had been cut to catch them up to the opponent to grab his hair behind the hair.
, when they took off the gross shirt, it turns out that both have the same steel rope of muscles and the back long-dried tracks after the cats of nine-tailed cats.
, the racers looked quite equally and all understood how much it was.
Admiral and General have personalally approved their selection and they had to give them the heart that they had to win.
, on their beders, the honor of the entire infantry and Navy was also the great monoys that had put on them by their officers.
, the winner is waiting for a sweet future. The winner is waiting for a sweet future.The winner is waiting for a sweet future.
, the advisor will not have any future of the future. It will have no future.
Henry Hardy Hibbs climbed the only rope and stood up in the center of the ring where the chalk was drawn by the square.
, Excellence, Highness, honour and lordship," he began.
"Bey until the same end between, in this corner, the bocman Yem Grum of the Royal Navy..."
, from the crowd of the sea on the east, the superior embarrassed jet, while the dense series of English and Indian soldiers came to the west side of the sea and the spacious slaughter.
, Longstaff, Archduke, Admiral and General settled on the honorary places on the north side of the ring surrounded by honorable guard.
, as the arciferous forces stood two livre's personal guard, armed and warnings.
, Struan, Brock, Cooper, Tillman, Robb, Gorth and all the Tai-Panese had seats on the southern side and stood to see better, smaller merchants, officers of the Navy and infants.
, we're still on the roof and so on. We're still in the centre and so on. We're still in the centre and so on. We're still in the centre and so.
what if they came some good people?And what if they came to some good people? If they came to come up, what if they came to some good people?
Go, we're also on the way to the road too, too, we're on our way too. We're also on our way too. We're also on the way.
, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, and I know, I know, the I am going to be the one that is the one that is the one that is.
, when you're still just in the middle, it means you're still afraid of being afraid? Do you ever get scared?
, especially you must be very afraid that you are at all in the centre of the centre.
, stop! Stop the stop! Stop the stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop!Administrative stop!
, you'll be ready with this plan for the Stones? Are you going to be ready for this Range?
's one's field on the Ande ⁇ k ⁇  field to And ⁇ delay field to And ⁇ e ⁇ tina's field to And ⁇ e ⁇ tina's field.
: Communist: Combajnér: Kombajnér:: Kombaijnér:: Kombajnér:
? Andendree? Andrew, to Ande, Andea? The Ande? The Ande? The Ande? The Ande?
, man, don't want me! don't want me!
, and poison!!!!!! Don't be afraid and poison!
, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-known as the good.
, and not to be rid of her, and not to be rid of her.
, and about me, and about me, not even torture!! And about me! And about me! And about me and the torture!!!
, you've always been leaving us so many times, you've always been leaving us so much for us.
, Av summer returned to the summer. He returned to the summer.
, they're already flying down. They're already flying down. They're already flying down. They're already flying. They're already flying. They're already flying.
!!!!Hyo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I liked your book. I liked your book, I like your book. I like your book. I like your book. I like your book. I like your book.
, I thank you, well, thank you, I thank you. I thank you, well, thanks. I thank you, well, thanks. I thank you, thanks.
use of militia - remuneration5.1 The exchange in OK Plus is a bonus flight on lines operated by Czech Airlines, alian partners and other partner airlines, upgrade for miles to Business on line OK operated by Czech Airlines or other remuneration.
, as a remuneration, other services provided by Czech Airlines or non-lete members OK Plus can be obtained by Czech Airlines, or non-lete members of OK Plus.
changes can be obtained in the OK Plus account Mile account. 5.2 The exchange can be obtained for miles per OK Plus account. 5.2 The exchange can be obtained for miles per mile in the OK Plus account.
miles to receive remuneration is set in the mile tables available on www.okplus.cz .cz .
, Czech airlines reserves the right to change the number of milestones needed at any time to obtain individual remuneration.
, the exchange may use the owner of the account or person that the account owner designates. 5.3 The owner of the account or the person that the account owner determines. 5.3 The account owner or the person owner designates.
, if the taxes issued by the bonus flights or other remuneration, those remuneration shall be issued directly by the account owner on the basis of the verification of the valid PIN, or, where appropriate, identity on the basis of a civil licence or passport in the office of Czech Airlines.
, the terminal of the Bonus flight shall be valid for 12 months from the date of the exhibition.
, Czech airlines reserves the right to limit the number of passengers with bonus flights to certain lines.
bonus tickets do not exhibit bonus tickets at all.
information can be obtained in the sales offices of Czech Airlines.
on the flights of the Czech Airlines flights to the Czech Airlines' Class Economy class can be paid to the class of Business.
information can be obtained in the sales offices of Czech Airlines or at the departure at the airport before departure.
, in the context of a single trip to the return bonus flight, one so-called open-jaw, i.e. the arrival at destination at the starting point may not be the same with the airport when the return route is in the same zone.
on a bonus ticket is allowed one so-called tracepover. The possibility of interrupting the journey.
, as he seemed to be so mad, and the razor, fragmented speech was so mad as he seemed to be, and the hair was sparkling, and the spilled.
, the only thing he really was, the water he had had had a real fear of.
, he was still deep, his head to see the scent of the floating and outward sea.
, of course, not." "Of course, not." "Of course." "Of course not." "Of course." "Of course." "Of course not."
, he said, and pointed out the chin at the Krahujice.
, Gray, Barrister, – for the European Commission C. Gheorghio and D. Martin, acting as Agents, after hearing the Opinion of the Advocate General at the hearing on 19 June 2014, gives this Judgment 1 The reference for a preliminary ruling concerns the interpretation of Article 22(2) of Council Regulation (EEC) No 1408/71 of 14 June 1971 on the application of social security schemes for employed persons, self-employed persons and their family movements within the Community, amended and updated Council Regulation (EC) No 118/97 (EC) No 1187 of 17 December 2008 (EC) No 117), and 1997 of 17 June 1997 and 1997 of 17 June 1997 and 1997 and 1997 (EC) No 117), as amended by the European Parliament, ‘OJ 19971, p.
2 The application was made in the context of the dispute between E. E. 2 This application was brought in proceedings between E.
Thanks for a beautiful gift, Walter, you will be thanking you for a beautiful gift, Walter.
? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello?Ho?Ho?Hoo-site, eh?
on TV, when the door open, barely knocked on them, means you find a stolen place and mystery.
exchanges of documents ( 17 ) ( 17 ) , exchanges of documents ( 17 ) , exchanges of documents ( 17 ) , exchanges of documents ( 17 ) , exchanges (news) (recitals 17 ) , exchanging the exchange of documents ( 17 ) .
, B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B.B. B. B.B. B.B. B.B.
, I don't know what's going on, but it's definitely your fault, but it's definitely your fault.
, don't talk to me like this! talk to me like this!Then talk to me!Tell me like this!Tell me! Not to speak to me!
, I'm taking this, I'm taking it. I'm taking it. I'm taking the take-up. I'm taking the take-up. I'm taking the take-up.
, it'll be enough to do it, it'll be enough to do it. It's gonna be enough. It's gonna be enough to do it. It's gonna be enough.
, Solo, climb out out, climbing out. The Solo, climb out out.
, I'm here, Jabbo. Here I am, Jabbo. I'm here, Jabbo. I'm here, Jabbo. I'm here, Jabbo.
, you didn't think I'd run away? Maybe you didn't think I'd run away? I'd run away?
I was disappointed by Hane, boy, my boy. I'm disappointed by Hane, my boy, you've disappointed me, Han, my boy.
, you didn't pay me... and you've cracked the poor Greed. You didn't pay me... and you've had a poor Greed.
, I can't make exceptions. I can't make exceptions. I can't make exceptions. I can't make exceptions. I can't make exceptions.
, he doesn't go out like this. It's not such a way he's not going to go to the store. It's not going to go.
I am often stopped, Jabbo. I am also often stopped, Jacobbo. I am also curiously obsolete, Jabbo.
, in that regard, it is sufficient that the common component is not negligible.
, however, the Court of First Instance stated that the overall impression that the applicant alleges a mark, dominates the element ‘creaciones kennya’, which the consumer concerned will focus on a broad extent its attention, and, first, in particular, in paragraph 44 of the judgment under appeal, that the element ‘ock’ in relation to the ‘creaciones kenya’ is intended to hold only an intervener, which essentially implies that the element ‘ack’ is in the mark applied for is negligible.
, according to the correct analysis carried out, the Court of First Instance excluded any similarity between the marks on the basis of paragraphs 53 to 57 of the judgment under appeal concluded that, despite the good name of the earlier marks and the identity of the goods covered by the marks in which the marks were concerned, between those marks, there is no likelihood of confusion between those marks.
, the third part of the first ground of appeal must therefore be declared unjustified for the first plea in law.
, under those circumstances, the first ground of appeal must be rejected by the appeal must be rejected.
, for the second plea, Arguments of the parties 61 By its second ground of appeal, the appellant complains that he infringed Article 8(5) of Regulation No 40/94, when it did not examine the good name of the earlier marks within that provision.
, according to it, the Court of First Instance doubted that, in paragraph 15 of the judgment under appeal, the appellant alleges a single plea alleging infringement of Article 8(1)(b) of Regulation No 40/94, whereas the action was also expressly based on infringement of Article 8(5) of that regulation.
, the Court of First Instance erred in law in finding that, since the conflicting marks were not similar, it is not necessary to examine the good name of the earlier marks.
, the fact that the earlier mark of CKKK Calvin Klein was generally known should be taken into account in the course of determining whether it is necessary to grant extensive protection.
, the good name of the earlier mark must be assessed in the assessment of the similarity between the conflicting marks and not after the similarity of proven.
64 In that regard, the appellant claims that, if the famous mark of the CK were protected only if the third subparagraph of the ‘cK’ used the same way the graphic shape would mean that the CK trade mark had been granted a level of protection which was practically lower than the level of protection which would have been used if it were not generally known.
, the fact that the mark of the CK and other different graphic creatures of these letters is famous to them is conferred on them against the use of the ‘CK’ in the fashion sector, since in this sector, those letters identify Calvin Klein, so that their use by third party produces a deliberate intention through association.
, in the judgment under appeal, OHIM claims that, in the judgment under appeal, the Court of First Instance rightly held the question of the good name of the earlier mark.
, since the contested sign cannot be regarded as similar, Article 8(5) of Regulation No 40/94, it shall not apply.
, Zafra Marroquineros states that, in the judgment under appeal, the reference to the good name of the earlier marks is made.
! State! State! State!!! State!!!State! Get off! Get off! Get off! Get off! Get! Get off!
someone of us will dream him forever and ever. Someone's gonna dream him of him. Someone's gonna eat him forever.
, look at the corner and try not screaming at the corner and try not to scream at the corner and try not to scream.
, I'm the one I'm the one I'm the one I'm the one I'm the one. It's me, it's me, it's me. It's me.
, I'm behind you, I'm always gonna find you behind you, I'm always gonna find you for you, I'm always gonna find you behind you. I'm always gonna find you. I'm gonna find you.
people who fear me, never walk close to me.
, yellow eyes glow like neonal lights.
, yellow eyes, pads of light in the night city.
you'll be forever delighted in the streets of the streets forever, you'll be delighted in streets.
, look into the shadows and you see my shape in the shade and see my shape. Look into the shadows and you see my shape.
, I'm behind you, I'm always gonna find you behind you, I'm always gonna find you for you, I'm always gonna find you behind you. I'm always gonna find you. I'm gonna find you.
, I'm behind you, I'm always gonna find you behind you, I'm always gonna find you for you, I'm always gonna find you behind you. I'm always gonna find you. I'm gonna find you.
, when I meet you when I see you? When I meet you when I see you? If I see you, what if I eat you? I meet you when I see you? I'm gonna see you?
: I'm a tiger, tiger, tiger! I'm a tiger, tiger, tiger, tiger, tiger!
! Thanks! Thanks! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
, I just love to know, you understand? I just love to know, you understand? I just love to know, you understand? I just like to know, you understand? I understand?
, I saw my life, put right in front of me, I saw my whole life, and I saw my life, right in front of me.
, the perfect Perfect, perfect, perfect, and the Perfect.Perfect.
, and then the whore had all been out of me, and then the whore had all been removed from me.
... just just... Just just... Just... Just... Just... Just... Just... Just... Just... Just... Just... Just... Just... Just... Justify the...Savement of the...Speaking the...
? Do you understand? Do you understand? Do you understand? If you understand?
, it's like it's like... it's like it's like... It's like it's like... It's like it's like... It's like...
, of course, you know, you know, of course, that you know, you know, that you know, you know, you know, that you know, you know, that you know, you know, that you know, you know, that you know, uh, the course of the... ...you know.
, you and Jenna, you are one person like one person, you and Jenna, like one person. You and Jenna, you are like one person. You are a person.
? Do you have a baby now have a baby? You have a baby? You have a baby? You have a baby? You have a baby? You have a baby? Also, you have a baby?
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
how is it passionate? how is it passionate? How is it passionate? What is it passionate? What is it? What is passionate? Does it passionate?
, a lot of passionate passionate. A lot of passionate passionate passionate. It is a lot of passionate.
, I'm gonna see you, you, you election, you, you election, you, you, you, you election, you, you, you, you election, you, you, you election, you're gonna be the one that's gonna be the one that's gonna be the one.
, I'm finished in the cheese at the cheese. I'm going to end in the cheese. I'm going to end in the cheese.
, in accordance with Article 124(1) and Article 125(1) of the Rules of Procedure, the President will consult the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions. shall be delivered in the case of the committee responsible:
TRAN Proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms - Part I (COM(2011)0452 - C7-0417/2011 - 2011/0202(COD))
, however, he didn't say anything, but he didn't say anything. He didn't say anything.
, it was a long silence, and it was a long silence.
, she was pale again her face again. She was pale again. She was pale again.
, it was easy to calm her down. It was easy to do it. It was easy to calm her.
"I insist on my profile," she said. "I have said, "I have been saying, on my profile," she said.
"You're exactly like the same thing, you're getting exactly like you.
, perhaps you worked with him." "You worked with him." "You might have worked with him." "You worked with him." "You worked with him."
, Reacher looked up at her. He looked up at her Reacher looked up at her.
I'm sorry for your personal situation." I'm sorry for your personal situation." I'm sorry."
"You are feeling nothing to do with my own mercy is not anything.
I must catch the guy." I have to grab the guy."I have to grab the guy."I have to grab it." I have to grab the guy."
"In this case, for a lot of happiness." "I'm lucky." "I'm lucky enough." "I'm lucky enough." "I'm good luck."
, she leaned, poured Blake coffee, then went to Reacher's Reacher's.
"Thank you," he said. "I thank you," he said. "I thank you," he said.
?" she asked, "Do you help us?" she asked.
, Francis Gibson, Francis Gibson, Francis Gibson, is a Francis Gibson.
what about him? What about him? What about him? What about him? What about him? What about him? What about him? What about him?
, we know he's going in this too too. We know that he's going in it too, too, he's going to go in it too.
, a former member of the CIA is a former member of the CIA. It is a former member of the CIA. It is a former member of the CIA.
, we asked him for it already. We asked him for it. We were already asking him for it.
, a few times a few times, a few times, a few times, and a few times.Anytime, a few times.Anytime, a few times.
, now weeping alongside the room with his daughter, alongside the room with his daughter, and his daughter, alongside the crying in the room with his daughter.
, ten seconds, and ten seconds, and ten seconds, and ten seconds, and the ten seconds.
, when you kidnapped those children, so you can use their parents... use us to use our parents... Use us.
, we can help you help you help you help you help you get a helpful helpful, we can help you get a helpful help with you. We can help you. We can help you get a help.
, five seconds, and five seconds, and five seconds.
, orange CO239GH. The Orange Station of Orange CO239GH.
where did you hear the password? Where did you hear that password? If you heard the password? If you heard the password?
how many times do you mean how many times do you mean?What time do you mean?What time do you mean?
, he heard the broadcasting from two different places. He heard the broadcasting from two different places.
, not that it is uncritical to the pain of pain, it is not impaired to be painful.
! You must come in. You must be quiet! You must come in. You must come to the road. You must enter.
I realise that Harry had already paid enough to Harry. I realize that Harry had already paid enough to do so.
, when the engine does not turn, he doesn't like the engine, he's not gonna be biked, so he's not gonna miss the engine.
, if you transfer, and hand bags show 9,000 rpm, then it's bad.
, then it's clear that kiksne, is it my fault? It's my fault? It's my fault?
, there is nothing I could do to the race car I could not do with the racing car.
! That's the only thing I can do! That's the only thing I can do! That's the only thing I can do! That's the only thing I can do! That's the only thing I can do!
. It doesn't need to appreciate your work. It needs to know what the car will last and what not anymore!
, do you want me to manage and you to drive? Do you want me to manage and you want me to manage and drive me and drive me and drive you?
I didn't talk to the fucking oxygen. I didn't have to talk to the fucking oxygen. I didn't have to talk to the fucking oxygen.
I didn't talk to the fucking oxygen. I didn't have to talk to the fucking oxygen. I didn't have to talk to the fucking oxygen.
can you drive? Do you think he can drive? Can he drive? If he can drive? If he can drive?
, he can, he can, he can, he can, he can, he can, if he can.
 ⁇  It's in the trap.  ⁇  It's what I'm talking about!  ⁇  It's in my mouth.  ⁇  It's what I'm talking about!  ⁇  It's what I'm talking about!
, we try to grab the perpetrator's perpetrator. It's aft of car, and we're trying to grab a perpetrator.
 ⁇  Where is it? Where is? Where is it? Where is? Where is it? Where is? Where is it? Where is? Where is it? Where is? Where is it? Where is? Where is?
I must be a moment after my daddy before the cure for a party. I have to get my dress for a moment.
, then we'll see you then see you then, then we'll see you then, then see you then, see yourself. Then we'll see you. Then you're gonna see yourself.
, you don't know why you came here. You don't know why you came here here. You don't know why you came here here. You don't know why you came here here.
, because I wanted it to be my wish. It's because I wanted it to be.
why? why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? The... ...and why? Why?
not the count of Alucard... ...and the Earl of Alucard... ...and the Count Alucard... ...and the Count of Alucard... ...and the Count of Alucard... ...and the... ...of the Early... ...and the Alucard... ...and the Countess of the Alucard... ...and the Countess of the Alucard... ...and the Countess...
I called you to warn you, to warn you, I called you, to warn you. I called you to warn you, to warn you.
, the great house is raising angel of death.
I see the house in ruinsk. I see the house in ruinská. I see the house in ruinská. I see the house in ruinská. I see the house in ruinská.
, the grove and wild wine are grown, broken windows flying bats.
I want to know what is with the Countess, but I want to know what is with the Count. I want to know what is with the Count. I want to know what is with the Count.
? Do you hear me, Queen Zimbo? Do you hear me, Queen Zimbo??
, Alucard is not named. It is not Alucard. It is not named.Alucard. It is not Alucard. It is not the Alucard.
, you must stop him before he's late. You have to stop him before he's late. You have to stop him before he's late.
, before Dark Oaks comes death, he will come to Dark Oaks.
vessels for pelagic fishing shall be set for fifteen days for the pelagic fishing vessel.
, immediately after the end of each permitted transhipment, the master of the original of the Annex to the fishing logbook shall transmit the organ for the supervision of the copy for the Ministry.
, within a period of fifteen working days, the delegation shall be transmitted by the copy of the national authorities of the Member State and the Commission by the national authorities of the Member State and the Commission within 15 working days.
failure to comply with one of the provisions set out above, 2.2 and 2.3 resulted in automatic suspension of fishing licences until the vessel owner fails to fulfil its obligations.
! Jesus - Come on, go on, go on it. It's Jesus - Come on, go to it.
, oo, yes. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oo, oo, yes. Oh, God.
I'm going to get out and I'm gonna thank you for everything today and see you tomorrow.
: Hey, Christi. ehm, Ron Swanson sent me to give you this document.
"All of which might be concerned, dear Christ, the expensive Christ, the "Behold Christ, the "Indeed to be concerned, dear Christi, the dear Christi, the "
"In the park's section, emergency situation occurred in the emergency park separation, the emergency situation occurred in the emergency situation of the parks, the emergency situation occurred in the emergency situation of the parks.
"and April seemed to be the only person who could help.
"I cannot kill the details, because it's super-tajné. "I can't kill it, because it's super-tajeure.
"Please release April back to us, and all of us always do.
"God bless America. with love, Bert Macklin, FBI." "God, bless the American. "God, with love, Bert Macklin, FBI."
?What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Does it mean?
, it's always the same same as it's always the same. It's always the same. It's always the same. It's always the same. It's always the same.
I should look out for you, and the boy, and the boy. I should be careful to you, and to the boy.
, do you know, okay? Well, do it, okay? Well, do it, okay? Well, do it, okay?
, okay, trust me, okay, trust me, okay, trust me.
Inspector Cifuentes. The Cifuentes Inspector.
, Julie, Julie, Julie, Julie, Julie, Julie, is a journalist who is a journalist who is.
, my husband, Oscar. My husband, Oscar, Oscar.
, I like to recognise you, I like to recognise you. I like to recognise you. I like to recognise you. I am pleased to recognize you. I am pleased to recognize you.
two murders in the town where nothing happened, and in both of you were. You were two murders in the town, where there was never anything in the town, and you were there.
you're doing it hard enough to make it possible to believe in a coincidence.
something was there there was something there there was there there, there was something there, there was something there, there was something there, there was something there. It was there. It was there. It was there.
something? something something? Something? Something something? Something? Something? Something? Something?Show me, what?
... it was... it was... it was... It was it... It was... It was... It was... It was... It was... It was... It was... It was... It was... It was...
, on Fabian, whispered it into his ears.
, but then it turned around it. It turned around, then turned it back. It turned around. It turned around.
, peerca knocked from the rest of the rear and straightened his back.
"Yes," Anna said calmly, "that must have been awkward.
, but our information about Strasser is reliable. They are reliable about the information about Strasser. But our information about Strasser is reliable.
Datelne shooting the genre pictures and now during our conversation.Datelina will shoot the grooms even now during our conversation.
"Dateline, 60 minutes, 20/20 - those publicist shows I know.
if you had so unreal assurance that Josef Strasser lives in Argentina, you would have found him long ago?"
his eyes were dead on her, his eyes were dead, his eyes were dead.
, she could not tell him the truth that she was not interested in Strasseer's Nazi past, but what he had been involved when he had broken up with F ⁇ hrer and was placed in the services of secret architects of the postwar era.
"Where do I think I should start with the search?"
"You can't answer it! "It's not a answer to it! "It's not possible to answer it! "It's not possible to answer it!
, if we knew that we had war crimes here, we pick it up. We'd pick him here, we'd be doing this.
I made a little trip to your "gree ⁇ " university. I did a little trip to your "greed" university.
you made a little 240 kilometre trip, you made a little 240 kilometre trip.You made a little 240 kilometre trip.
just after phone, just after phone, just after phone. Just after phone. If you're phone, you're gonna be on the phone.
I thought I had done a survey on the ground that I had done a survey, I had been thinking, I had done a survey, I had done a survey.
? It's a real picture, isn't it? It's a real picture that? It's a picture that is? It's a picture that???
, it's humiliating, it's humiliating. It's humiliating. Yeah, it's humiliating. It's humiliating.
, there was a girl there was a girl there, there was a girl there, there was a girl there, there was a girl there, there was a girl there, there was a girl there, a girl there, there was a girl there.
, it's bad. It's bad. It's even better. It's bad. It's bad. It's bad. It's bad. It's bad. It's bad.
not only knew you, she even didn't even believe it was possible. And not only did she not see you, she didn't even believe it was possible.
, people don't like people who have a theory about people's people. They don't like people who have a theory of people.
? Do you want me to move? Do you want to pull off? Do you want me to pull off? Do you want to pull off? Do you pull off? Would you pull off? Would you pull yourself?
, I don't have anything to lose, I don't have anything. I don't have anything. I don't have anything. I don't have anything. I don't have anything. I don't have anything.
, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, who is Jesus, who is Jesus, who is Jesus, who is, for Jesus.
scientific institutions Documents referred to in Articles 4, 5, 8 and 9 do not require non-commercial lending, gift or exchange between scientists and scientific institutions registered by the executive authorities of the States in which he works, actuarial specimens and other museums of conservants, dried or incorporated in conservative medium and living plant materials which are labelled by the label in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 18(2), or similar to the third country.’
Degras Other including invert sugar: Degras Other including invert sugar: Degras Other, including invert sugar: Degras Other, including invert sugar:
chemically pure maltosis Cucrovinky (including white chocolates) not containing cocoao:
, Luci Nisard Nisard.
, he did not just break into DSR, and he did not just lead to the break-in into the DSR.
, as soon as he had the name, I had a series of tracking in the mobile network in Prague.
, Nisard had telephone calls from the same place, in the same time when Dixon saw Irin.
, of course, his follow-up will remain a while. It will remain.
check Blackwell's list of Blackwell's list. Check Blackwell's list.
wait, Blackwell's list??, Blackwell's list?
, Sloane doesn't have it, Sloane doesn't have it. It's not wearing Sloane's Sloane. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not.
, he had handed him to Langley.He had put him to Langley.He had been forwarded to Langley.He had been forwarded to Langley.
, or not, or, or not, or, or not, or in the absence of a non-subsidiary or a non-site? Or not? Or not? Or not? Or not? Or not? Or not?
how do you hold yourself? How do you hold yourself? How do you hold yourself? How do you hold yourself? How do you hold yourself? Do you hold yourself?
, I'm trying to remain concentrated. I'm trying to remain concentrated. I'm trying to remain concentrated. I'm trying to remain concentrated. I'm trying to remain concentrated.
opening the Bishop's folder? Reopening the Bishop's folder?
bably killed my mother, probably, and he killed my mother.
, if the CIA had looked at the living, and CIA had looked out something about it.
someone who will find her a great love that I gave her to her, I gave her, and I had someone to find someone who will have a great love that I gave her.
! It's good. It's good! It's good. It's good! It's good. It's good! It's good! It's good! It's good! It's good! It's good!
, I'll take care of it right away, I'll take care of it. I'll take care of it. I'll take care of it. I'll take care of it.
! And there's again here again! and there's a bUM! It's here again! It's here again! It's here again. It's here again.
, my God. What you did it did...
, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay.
I swear I still want to be crazy in you, I swear, I swear, I want to be crazy enough to be in you. I'm still crazy about you.
, but now you've colored yourself now. You've colored yourself now. You've colored yourself now. You've colored yourself. You've colored yourself now.
. The blood donors here is Bruce Nolan... just from the first 'Buffalian day of blood donation'.
e, why come here, because the life you save may be mine, can be my life, so you can come here, because you will save all the life you save may be mine.
, we come here with Kowol, who had been snatched for this moment special kesses. Let's go here with Kowol, who had been captured for this moment.
I thank you, my mom, Bo, the finger, nose, my nose, my mom, Bo, my finger, nose.
I donated blood twice this week for 2 times this week. I've already donated blood twice my blood twice. I've been giving this week. I've already donated blood twice.
I want to know you with the future "fall exclusive": for those who have not heard it yet, I want to know you with the future "wing exclusive":
: For Eyewitness reports, Bruce Nolan. All the donors of blood donors want to tell you:
to limit the overall increase in administrative expenditure of EU institutions in accordance with the approach applied by Member States in their national government;
, to establish the corresponding amount of the administrative budget of each institution taking into account their specificities and their actual and justified needs;
objectives in the context of certain budgetary lines for all authorities in view of the implementation of the budget in 2009 and actual needs;
, taking part of the appropriations relating to the preparation of accession to Croatia, based on accession in 2012;
not to accept increases by 1.85 % in relation to the adjustment of salaries for 2009, which some authorities included in their estimates until the Court adopts the decision;
increased standard flat-rate reduction in salaries costs in most institutions taking account of the current unsatisfaction of their places;
not accept any new jobs required by the authorities, except for jobs for the European Council, which is new authority;
, the required transition, transfer, shifts to higher class and transfer of places.
's new house is very nice. The new house is very nice. The new house is very nice.The new house is very nice. It is very nice. The new house is very nice.
... Come... Come... Come... Come... Come... ...to go... ...to go... ...and go... ...and go... ...and go... ...and go... ...and go to the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...when... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...when... ...and... ...and the... ...when... ...and... ...and the... ...when... ...when... ...andered... ...andered... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...wright... ...andered... ...andered... ...andered... ...andered... ...andered... ...andered... ...andered... ...andered... ...andered... ...andered... ...andered... ...andered... ...andered... ...and... ...andered... ...andered... ...andered... ...andered... ...andered... ...win the... ...wright... ...win the... ...andered... ...wright... ...wright... ...wright... ...andered... ...andered... ...wright... ...wheldom... ...wheldom... ...win the... ...wheld... ...wheld... ...win the... ...wheld... ...whe
you're doing this here, Cotti, what you're doing here. Come Cotti what you're doing here.
, everybody expecting everyone waiting for everybody to wait for everybody to wait for everybody to wait for the next day, waiting for everybody.
, but the mother is there there. But the mother is there. It's there, but the mother is there. It's there.
she is also coming with us. She also comes with us. She is also coming with us. She is also coming with us. She comes with us. She comes with us.
wise, keep the harmonium differently, it will be infected with the destruction of the harmony.
, listen, what are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing?
... I'm sorry... I'm sorry... I'm sorry... I'm sorry... I'm sorry... I'm sorry... I'm sorry...
ing on all children. Come to all children. Come to all children. Come to all children.Come to all children.Come to all children.Come to all children.
! Come all of you, come on, go on, go on, all of you, come on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, and go on, and go on, here, and go on, you're gonna be doing so.
... kids... kids kids... kids... kids... kids... kids... kids... kids... kids... kids... ...then they're gonna be wearing a... ...and the kids'... ...and the kids... ...there's a lot of kids... ...and the kids... ...there's... ...and the kids... ...in the way... ...and the kids... ...and the... ...and the kids... ...and the...
, this is your new home home home. It's your new home home. It's your new home. It's your new home. It's your new home. It's your home.
just two steps back behind, our kitchen is our kitchen. The two steps behind are our kitchens. It's just two steps back behind, there's our kitchen.
, I'm just gonna be saved! Save me! Save me! Save me! Save me! Save me!
, Roderick!! Roderick!! Roderick! Roderick!! Roderick!! Roderick!!
? Do you believe in God? Do you believe in God? Do you believe in God? Does you believe in God? Does you believe in God? Does you believe in God?
, what, do you believe? Do you believe that you believe?
, of course, the one hand, of course, is the one that is to say.
? And do you want to meet him? Do you want to meet him? Do you want to meet him? Do you want to meet him? Do you want to meet him?
, not, not yet, not yet, nor, yet, not yet, nor, nor, nor, nor, nor, nor, nor, nor, nor yet.
, in this case, you answer our questions, you answer my questions. If you answer my questions, you answer my questions.
how did you get here? How did you get here? How did you get here? How did you get here? If you get here?
, I'm not gonna tell you this, I'll tell you this. I'll tell you this. I'll tell you this. I'll tell you this. I'll tell you this. I'll tell you this.
, you're not gonna tell us? So you're not gonna tell us? So you're not gonna tell us? So you're not gonna tell us? Do you tell us? Do you tell us?
you're a someday Erika horrible, or perhaps not?
, or perhaps not, or perhaps not, or in the worst case, or perhaps not?
? Erika Big?? The Great? Erika Great? Does Erika Great? Does the Great?? Does Erika Great? Does the Great?
, I need to push!! I need to push fast, I need to push!! I need to push!! I need to push!! I need to push!!!
, I think it was well done, it was well done. I think it was done well. I think it was done well. I think it was done well.
you know, dear, here's mom's here's a mama here's a mama here's a darling, here's a mama.He's a darling, here's a mama.
, what you described, does not look like a mold.
, you should let her check it out. You should let her check it out. You should let her check it out. You should let her check it out.
, he bitten me a spider. It was a spider of me, and bite me, and the spider.
, here's A.J. here's A.J. here's A.J. here's A.J. here's here.
, never, ever, ever, ever. . . . . .never. . . . . . .never. . . . . . .never. . . . . . . . . . . .never. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .never.
, you take it seriously and don't make illusion quite seriously and don't make your illusion.
cops would be too interested in how you were involved in this involved.
, when you have money, let me get a message on the pager.
I'm sure the door breaks and they'll get inside. I'm sure they break the gate and get inside.
! When they do do, we use this!! When they do it, we use this! If they do it, we use this!!!!!!!!!!!!!
, tomorrow we will protect you, your Highness, your Highness, will protect you tomorrow, we will protect you, your Highness.
, I'm a free man, a free man. I'm a free man. I'm a free man. I'm a free man. I'm a free man. I'm a free man. I'm a free man.
, kill me, kill me, kill me, and kill me.
, never appreciated who you are.
in mountains covered by javors sing white birds in white birds.
where white birds sing, my home is my home.
I don't know how to be able to get my father's dead.
, Koreans and Hani are very similar to Koreans and Hani are very similar to them.
, we are like brothers, like brothers, we are like brothers. We are like brothers. We are like brothers. We are like brothers. We are like brothers. We are like brothers.
, this has been too long for too long. It has been too long for this. It has been too long for this. It has been too long. It has been taking too long.
, all must die! Everyone must die! Everyone must die! Everyone must die! Everyone must die! Everybody must die!
, before the west, we will go back to the pre-finger, we will go back to the pre-farming barrier to the pre-service.
, wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait!Advailor, wait!
Mr O. lives together with Mrs S. and her two children.
21 It follows from the order for reference that, on 1 January 2010, Mr O. the employment contract for one year in which the daily eighth-hour working hours and hour remuneration of EUR 7,50 was agreed.
, however, he did not submit any evidence that it would have been able to do that contract, on the basis of that contract, that he actually worked.
22 By decision of 21 January 2009, Maahanmuttovirasto rejected Mr O. on the residence permit submitted to him, with the reasoning that Mr O. had no revenue.
, in the present case, there was no reason to depart from the conditions relating to the acquisition of the lives, as enables Article 39(1) of the Civilian Law, in particular, to be serious or if the best interests of the child are required.
23 By judgment of 27 August 2009, Helsingin Hallinto-oikeus (Helsinki Administrative Court) dismissed the action for annulment brought by Mr O. against that refusal decision.
, Mrs S. and Mr O. brought an appeal against that judgment against Korkein’s hallinto-oikeus (the Supreme Administrative Court) against that judgment.
: Case C-357/11 25 Ms L., Algerian national, is legally staying in Finland since 2003.
, in that country, the residence permit has been acquired on the basis of its marriage with the Finnish national of Finnish national.
, I'm not here currently here. I'm not here. I'm not currently here. I'm not here. I'm not currently here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not currently here.
, Ben Stone here, here Ben Stone, here, here's Ben Stone here, Ben Stone here. Here Ben Stone here. Here, here, Ben Stone. Here.
, what's going on? Do you think what's going on? Do you have to guess what's going on? Do you have to do?
, Allison begins to give birth, and you're not here, and you're not here.Allison starts to birth, and you're not here.
where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you?Another than you are?
! On the stupid bar of micva in San Francisco, you fucking bastard!
, Father Luca, returned to this dirt to save me.
, at least, someone in this family wondering if I die or not. I'm dying or not.
how did he get here? How did he get here? How did he get here? How did he get here?
, the pranker was ten years old under the harsh, he's been under the harsh for a long time.
how did he get here? How did he get here? How did he get here? How did he get here?
! He is the media!He's the media!He's the media!He's the media!He's the media!He's the media!He's the media!
, what, I, what, I, I, what, I, what? I, what, I, what? I, I, uh, do? I? I, uh, do I, uh, say, I, have a lot of time to do with the...
I don't understand how you can risk my life, just to tell me something. But what I don't understand is how you can risk my life, just to do something to me.
, don't play me the theatre here. Don't play me that theatre. Don't play me the theatre. Don't play me the theatre.
I wouldn't sacrifice you. I wouldn't sacrifice you. I wouldn't sacrifice you. I wouldn't sacrifice you. I wouldn't sacrifice you.
, can we wait, can we not return to the fact that I am a media? I am a media?
, if he is so clever, so let it explain to you, let it explain to you.
, I've proved it to you. I've proved it to you. I've proved it to you. I've proved it to you. I've demonstrated it to you.
you're the witch. That's you're the witch. It's you're the witch. You're the witch.
, so you could tell me it's a fucking way to say, it could be a good thing to tell me, you know, it's not enough to say, you know, you're gonna be a good thing.
, before you say anything, you should know that my wife thinks all my girls are broken, so it's okay.
not it's not it's not it. It's not it's not it's not it. It's not it's not it. It's not it. It's not it. It's not it. It's not it.
I really wanted your family to love me, I really wanted to love me, so your family loved me. I really wanted to be loved by your family. I wanted to love me, and I wanted your family.
, it's so nice to be so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice.
, you know what?What, you know, what?What? Do you know what? What? What? What? Do you know? What? What? Do you know?
I think someone just stole my heart right now. I think someone just stole my heart. I think someone just stole my heart. I think someone just stole my heart.
too soon enough to be too early? So soon enough to be too early?May the too early?
, I'm going to go to the end of the time, I'm going to go anymore. I'm going to go to the runner of the Iberiano. I'm going to go.
he broke up with me, and he broke up with me. He broke up with me. He broke up with me. He broke up with me. He broke up with me. He broke up with me.
? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who?May be?Sever?Me?
, Ryan Ryan, Ryan, Ryan, Ryan, who was a Ryan. Ryan. Ryan Ryan. Ryan. Ryan. Ryan.
, he should have broken up his wife's wife, and he was supposed to be separated with his wife.
, I know what you're going through now and I'm really glad you came, but we have to dress you into those dresses. Well gold?
's clothes, take off your clothes. Take off your clothes. Take off your clothes. Take off your clothes.
, one of the last two things he told me. It's one of the two things he'd told me. It's one of the two things he'd told me.
, in order to ensure coherence with the provisions for access to the market in sugar contained in the EPAs, it should apply without a duty to sugar and tariff quota for products covered by the products covered by the specific scheme for at least developed countries should be extended until 30 September 2009 with a relatively increase in volume.
, in the period from 1 October 2009, to 30 September 2012, the importer of products of heading 1701 commits to purchase such products at the price below the minimum price for the import of products of heading 1701 commits in the period from 1 October 2009 to 30 September 2012.
, Don Giovanni will take all responsibility, otherwise he would be covered by the hypocrats.
: That is why we also have also signed OOADP, whether it's anything. It's anything.
Organization on the Protection of the American Degree Prales, Mr. Semi-Poles, Mr.
you're the faintness that you're the faintness that yes?
I just that there is nothing fun in this town that is not in any fun, but I'm not in this town. I'm not afraid of anything in this town.
not, you'll go over it, you'll surely go over it. Don't worry, you'll be doing it, you'll go.
, look, a few billion are able to save one of the most important areas in Earth. Look, for a few billion, we can save one of the most important areas in the Earth.
if you have a few billion, go to the fact that Congress does not approve it. If you have a few billion somewhere, you go to the fact that Congress does not commit it.
, but so, but so, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
? ...how most often it is possible. Is it so? - It's so? - is it? - it's so?
, more than they can say Chinese, what is more than they can say to Chinese.
I am all ten for the rescue of the planet, but the boundaries are that if our company is not there, we should at least prevent China from being there.
, they are independent countries, Russella. They are independent countries, Russella, they are independent countries, they are an independent country, Russella.
, you can find some sort of find some sort of find a kind of find a kind of find a kind of find a kind of find a kind.
, Laura, Laura, Laura, Laura, Laura, Laura, Laura, Laura.
"Generally and right," said the General, who was looking for a suitable arrangement, "yes like something special.
, but you did not understand my sad wonder, young men that Lizaveta Prokofjevna had remained with you only because of your illness - if you really die - so they say from sympathy, because of your regrettable words, in a thorough, and that, therefore, on her name, the lectures and the seriousness cannot impose no dirt...
, Lizaveto Prokofievno!" the General ended the whole red, "If you go, we are going to be with our dear prince and..."
"I thank you for the lessons, General," he interrupted Ippolit, looking at him with serious, thoughtful view.
, sleep, sleep, sleep! sleep, sleep, sleep! sleep! sleep, sleep, sleep! sleep, sleep! sleep, sleep!
you don't know anything else! you don't know anything else!
what are you father? What are you for father? What are you, for your father? What are you, for your father? What are you, for father? What are you, father?
, nothing good will learn from you. It's not gonna teach you anything good from you. It's not gonna teach you anything good from you. It's not gonna teach you anything.
, I will come for him. I will come for him. I will come to him. I will come to him. I will come for him. I will come to him.
in the base will be a service missing person in his base. It will be a service missing to him in the base. It will miss him in the bass.
, in the base, maybe as someone's serviceable ends, he'll end up in the base, perhaps, as someone's business, he'll end up.
? How can I help you? How can I help you? Do you Marshall Lee Huntington? How can I help you?
, I'm sorry, but I don't think you should lead this conversation without Mr. Huntington's presence.
, Marshall's teacher. And there is not a very good time. And it is not a very useful time. Marshall's teacher. And it's not a good time.
, we'll find out what they want. We're gonna find out what they want.We're gonna find out what they want.
I heard a lot about Lord Myron's Lord. It's Byron. It's Byron. It's the Byron. It's the Byron.
, Lord Byron Byron. The Lord Byron Byron. The Lord Byron.Lord Byron. The Lord Byron.
, when we're in the names, you use Marshall or Lee? If you use Marshall or Lee?
friends call me Marshall, but the family Lee. - Why? Why? Why?
... Well... Well... Well... Well... Well... Well... Well... Well... Well... Well... Well... Well... Well... Well... Well... Well... Well... Well... Well... Well, the Well... Well, uh, Well... Well, the... Well, uh, uh, uh, the... Well, uh, uh, uh, the...
? That's because of the dead girl in the hotel? Does this be because of the dead girl in the hotel? Does this be because of the dead girl in the hotel? Does this be the dead girl in the hotel?
, they will not be aware of which drifts that are drifted. They will not be aware of which they are not going to be.
, now we all come together, we'll all come down this year, red? We'll all come down today? We'll all come down this year, we'll beat this year?
, I can't stand him, Mimsy, I can't stand him, Mimsy, I can't stand him, Mimsy. I can't stand him, Mimsy.
I have a lot of Jimmy's got a lot of shit. I got Jimmy's got a lot of shit.
, Mimsy, clamp, Mimsy.
, chief, chief, chief, chief, chief, chief, and the chief of the Soral, chief.
, listen to me, listen to me, listen to me, listen to me, listen to me, listening to me, and I'm being heard, and I'm getting married.
?Is it clear?Is it clear? Does it be clear? It's it? It's a clear? It's it? Does it be clear? Does it be?
last three years, the blue team defended the red team of red teams.The last three years of the blue team had defeated the red team.
multiannual financial framework 2014-2020 *** – Interinstitutional budgetary discipline, cooperation in budgetary matters and sound financial management (debate)
Budgetary Process 2014: common text (debate) (debate) 2014: common text (debate)
The Presidency's declaration (Article 216 of the Rules of Procedure) (Rule 216 of the Rules of Procedure) (Rule 216 of the Rules of Procedure)
vote Multiannual Financial Framework 2014-2020 *** (vote) THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES, 2014-2020 *** (vote)
Interinstitutional budgetary discipline, cooperation in budgetary matters and on sound financial management (vote) (vote)
, I'm gonna tell you how to do it? I have to tell you this? I have to discreet it? I have to tell you this? I have to do it? I have to do it?
, if you want to, if you want to, if you want to, if you want to, if you want to, if you want to, if you want to, you want to, if you want to, you want to, if you want to, you want to, if you want to, you want to, if you want to, you want to, if you want to, you want to, or, if you want to.
how do you tell him how do you tell him? How do you tell him? How do you tell him? How do you tell him?
, Robert Robert, Robert, Robert, who was a Robert, Robert Robert. Robert Robert. Robert. Robert. Robert.
, dear Robert, dear Robert,... ...dear Robert... ...dear dear Robert... ...dear... ...and the dragon... ...and the dragon... ...and the dragon... ...and the dragon... ...and the dragon... ...and the dragon... ...and the dragon... ...and the... ...and the... ...design of...
, who did you go to? Wait for whom did you get it for? If you were going to be doing this?
, Elisabeth Derouledová. Elizabeth Derousedová. Elizabeth Derous.
??Deled!???Developed!?Developed!???Deem!
not to be ashamed! That you're not ashamed! That you're not ashamed!
I'm sorry, dear Robert, I'm sorry for the pardon of the barrier...
, but we must have met some more, but we must be met again, but we must still meet again.
, you're relaxing your way, and relax yourselves pretty good.
, Elisabeth. Elizabeth. Elizabeth. Elizabeth. Elizabeth. Elizabeth. Elizabeth.
: and still deliver: Give it to: Give it to: yet to the following:
years of the forest has not been in progress in this forest for years.
, as you, brown eyes, the high as you, brown eyes, eyebrows, and brown eyes, as you, eyebrows, brown eyes.
was pretty nice? Was she nice? Was she nice? It was she a nice? She was she? She was a nice?
, a beautiful beauty, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. It is a beautiful beauty.
But who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you?
, you're probably very much of the girl, you're going to the forest for her. You're going to be very much depending on the girl, you're going to go to the forest.
, the power of power, too. The power of power. The power of power. The power of power.
, I'm followed by the following me. The following is the following me. I'm followed. I'm followed by the following. I'm followed.
, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. The Yes. The Yes.
, please go on, please, please go on, please, please go on. Please go on, please go on. Please go on.Please enter the tabletop.
, sit down and sit down. sit down, sit down, sit down.Please sit down.Seat yourself.
, you know what this can do? What can this? What can this be done? What can this be done? What can this? What can this be done? What can this be done?
, not, but, not, but, in the absence of a No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
, you'll show what you really want in life in life. You really want to show what you really want in life.
, you take it, take it, and take it, and take it. Take it. Take it. Take it. Take it. Take it. The way you're doing so, you're gonna be able to get it.
rules on the implementation of the system should be laid down for the implementation of the rules on this system.
checks on conditionality may be completed before receipt of payments and annual premiums under Article 92 of Regulation (EU) No 1306/2013 or after receipt of payments.
, in particular, where such checks cannot be completed before receipt of these payments and annual premiums, the amount to be paid by the beneficiary should be paid by the beneficiary as a result of administrative sanctions, recovery in accordance with this Regulation or initially.
rules should be laid down in the Member States responsible for the control system of the obligations on conditionality obligations.
minimum level of checks should be established for verifying the obligations in the field of conditionality.
controls should be set at at least 1 % of the total number of beneficiaries under Article 92 of Regulation (EU) No 1306/2013, which fall within the scope of the competent control authorities and who must be selected on the basis of the corresponding risk analysis.
, in the specific case of a group of persons under Articles 28 and 29 of Regulation (EU) No 1305/2013, Member States should be granted flexibility in determining whether the group will assess as a whole or each member of the group individually.
Member States should be able to choose whether to meet the minimum level of checks at each competent control body at the level of payment agency or at the level of the measure or the standard or a set of acts or standards.
, where specific legislation applicable to acts or standards lays down minimum control rates, Member States should respect these rates.
Member States should however be allowed to use uniform control rates for the site on conditionality checks.
Member States shall, if they choose this option, all cases of non-compliance detected during the site inspection under sectoral legislation should be reported and then monitored in the context of conditionality.
, in order to simplify the obligations in relation to Council Directive 96/22/EC ( 10 ) , the use of specific sampling levels should be considered to meet the minimum level of the minimum level of the Regulation.
Member States should be provided to flexibility necessary to achieve a minimum control rate by using results from other on-the-spot checks or replacement of beneficiaries.
, in order to avoid the weakening of the control system, in particular as regards the selection of samples for the site on conditionality, the minimum control sample should not be taken into account in the conditionality of taking into account subsequent checks carried out in relation to the de minimis rule under Article 97(3) of Regulation (EU) No 1306/2013.
findings of significant degree of non-compliance with the conditionality should lead to an increase in the number of on-the-spot checks to achieve an acceptable level of security in relation to the correctness of the aid applications concerned.
, you're not wearing a band on the band. You're not wearing a bandwear. You're not wearing a band. You're not wearing a band.
... ...that song about rabbit.
I would like to be home with my dad's daddy. I wish to be home with my dad. I would like to be home with my dad.
ing, when the rabbit gets caught rabbit, when the rabbit gets caught, rabbit, when the rabbit gets caught, rabbit rabbit rabbit rabbit gets caught by rabbit, rabbit, rabbit,
, when the rabbit catchs rabbit rabbit, when the rabbit gets caught, the rabbit will catch rabbit rabbit, when the rabbit is caught by rabbit, rabbit, rabbit, raising rabbit, and stating the rabbit of the rabbit.
! It runs in the vein - I hate the song! I hate the song!
... when the rabbit... ...likes rabbit... ...when rabbit... ...likes rabbit... ...will like rabbit rabbit... ...like rabbit rabbit... ...a kisses rabbit... ...a rabbit... ...and a rabbit... ...and a rabbit... ...and a rabbit... ...and a rabbit... ...and a rabbit... ...and a rabbit... ...and... ...and a rabbit... ...and... ...and a rabbit... ...and... ...and... ...and a rabbit... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...w... ...and... ...w... ...w... ...w... ...w... ...w... ...w... ...w... ...w... ...w... ...wheel... ...wheelf... ...wheeling rabbit... ...wheeling rabbit... ...w... ...wheeling rabbit... ...wheeling rabbit... ...wheeling rabbit... ...wheelve... ...wheelve... ...w... ...wheelve... ...wheelve... ...wheelve... ...wheelcome a
she started walking-- she started to walk-- she started her-- she started to walk-- she started her-- she started to-- she started to walk-- she started-- she started-- she started-- she started-- she started-- she started--
"I can't imagine a moon without it." "I can't imagine a month without it." "I can't imagine a moon without it."
. hey. - Mom, I want to go anymore. I want to go anymore. I want to go anymore. I want to go anymore. I want to go anymore. I want to go anymore.
... think... think about Vincent... think about it. Think about the idea of thinking.
, maybe if we wait... if we wait for... if we wait... ...when we wait... ...when we wait... ...will we wait... ...will we wait... ...when we wait... ...when we're gonna be waiting... ...after we're gonna be waiting for us... ...to wait... ...to wait... ...to wait... ...to wait... ...and get a look at the...
... ...get him and call me, okay? Well?
, if it takes five hours, we consider it...
? Should someone be family... ...the divorce of a child take? Does someone from a family... ...to take a child? Does someone have a child?
, very pleasant, but no fire is very pleasant, but no fire.
, no one was ever in any way, nor any. None. of the CR.
what we're going to do now? What do we do now? What do we do now? What do we do now? What do we do now? What do we do now?
, we should keep the decorum to keep the decorum. We should maintain the decorum.We should maintain the decorum.We should maintain the decorum.
, Mio, Mio, Mio, Mio, Mio, Mio, Mio.Mio. It's a mental record of Mio.
, you chose me, you chose me. You chose me. You chose me. You chose me. You chose me. You chose me.
, not personally, not in person, personally, wholly, who is not personally, wholly, who is, in person, who is, wholly, who is, is not personally, wholly, who is, is a person who is, is not personal.
, you chose me and I agreed to you and I agreed to choose me and I.
, and gentlemen, he never takes his word back to his word. And the gentleman never takes his word back.
we have to go to church and say "yes" and tomorrow we will be a man and a woman. We have to go to church and say "yes" and tomorrow we will be a man and a woman.
And you will become the amazing Queen of Genovia. You will become the amazing Queen of Genovia.
, thanks to you, thanks to you, thanks to you, thanks to you, thanks to you, thanks to you, thanks to you, thanks to you. Thank you, Mr. Ticket, you're gonna be happy to be given to you.
, I'm still going to marry today. I'm still going to marry today. I'm still going to get married today. I'm still going to get married today.
, She's got a betting It's now, Maurice. She's got married today, Maurice, and she's got married today.
, we have great delays, we have great delays, we have great delays. We have great delays. We have great delays. We have great delays.
, take the boneless for happiness. Take the skins for happiness.
what do you want? What do you want? What do you want? What do you want? What do you want? What do you want?
I wish there was some meat on it, I wish there was some meat on it.
, the two last two were particularly satisfactory. The two of them were particularly the most recent were particularly satisfactory.
I felt like I really found it to Queen Victoria and Prince Albert.
, the Queen Victoria and Prince Albert were Queen Victoria and Prince Albert.
, Baldrick, be a laboute, Baldrick.
what would the Queen do here? What would the Queen do here? What would the Queen do here? What would the Queen do? What would the Queen do?
you came to visit the remuneration and that you are the best man of England, give you 50,000 pounds and title Baron Blacknames.
? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello?Ho?Ho?Hoo-site, eh?
, Joy!!Joy!!Joy!!Yoy! Stay! Stay! Stay! Toy!To the Joy!
!! fuck! fuck! fuck! fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
! All men are gambling! All men are gambling! They are all men are gambling! They are gambling!
, he's not, he's not. He's not. He's not he's not. He's not he's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not.
just need a little time to... reevaluate it... to re-evaluate the... to re-evaluate the time to re-evaluate it.
, wake up and clean your coffee! Get the coffee! Get a bit of a kind!
, it's a mistake through the way! It's a mistake, through the way!
, he was born as a perpetrator and died as a perpetrator.
? Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you in the order? Are you okay? Are you in the order?
, I know it's a sadness that brought you here here. I know it's a sadness that's the sadness that I'm bringing you here.
I don't think I shouldn't say it, but I'm so glad you're here. I'm sorry, I'm not gonna say it, but I'm so glad you're here.
, I missed you so much, you missed me so much. I missed you so much. I missed you. I missed you.
, you didn't visit me. You didn't visit me. You didn't visit me. You didn't attend me. You didn't attend me. You didn't attend me.
, anything happened just sexy, hmm? Any thing happened is just sexy, hmm?
, JB Bernstein. JB Bernstein.
why do you give me so to take care of me? Why do you give me so? If you give me so much? If you give me a look at me?
, you know, you know you want to be there there, you know, you want to be there, you want to be there. You know, you want to be there. You want to be there. You know, you want to be there.
, the great great, great, great, great, great, great, excellent and great.At great.At great.At great.At great.At great.
, you know, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well.The well-being well.
, in the course of the branch.
, we have one. maybe. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe we have one. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe.
I have enough and I have enough enough to get enough to get my own pretty good. I have enough. I have enough. I have enough. I have enough. I have enough. I have enough. I have enough. I have enough.
, I don't know what to do, JB. I don't know what to do, JB. I don't know what to do, JB.
I do, yes, yes, I am yes yes, yes, I am, yes, I am yes yes yes, I am. I am. I am. I am. I am.
, you'll go to the bottom of the town, go. Come on.
, continue to be on the phone. Follow the phone. Follow the phone. Follow the phone. Follow the phone.
, we only need one of us only one need one of us, we need only one. We need only one. We need only one. We need only one. We need only one. We need only one. We need one.
, they will follow the next one to follow. They will follow the next one to follow. They will follow.The next will follow.
, not, but, not, but, in the absence of a No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
Rodney slowed us down in the competition in the contest. Rodney slowed us down in the contest.
analysis of basic factors and the fact that the reference value is observed with a broad reverse, confirm the positive result in the price stability criterion.
, in addition to Lithuania, this criterion is still fulfilled by Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Croatia, Hungary, Poland and Sweden.
finances – public debt and deficit amount Na Lithuania currently does not cover the Council decision on the existence of excessive deficit (under Article 126(6) of the Treaty).
government deficit ratio declined from 5,5 % in 2011 to 2.1% in 2013 and the Commission’s economic forecast 2014 spring 2014 is to remain at 2.1% in 2014.
, in late 2013, the total public debt amounted to 39.4% of GDP – is significantly less than the Maastricht Limity.
, Bulgaria, Hungary, Romania and Sweden are also fulfilled by this criterion.
, the Czech Republic will also meet this criterion if the Council decides to repeal the procedure in excessive deficit, as the Commission suggests.
, in two Member States (Croatia and Poland) currently applies to an excessive deficit procedure, and that criterion does not therefore meet the criterion.
exchange rate stability In the exchange rate mechanism II (ERM II) is a exchange rate of a Member State which is not a member of the euro area, which is linked to the euro and can only in the specified limits (standard fluctuation zone  ⁇ 15% from the middle-course).
Litva is a member of ERM II from 28 June 2004.
, during the two-year reference period, the Lithuanian litas was not exposed to any pressure and no departure from the middle-age ERM II Medium Course.
, this criterion does not meet one other country, since no other Member State is not a member of ERM II.
patients with rare hereditary problems with galactose intolerance, lactose deficiency or malabsorption glucose and galactose should not take this product.
, not, but, not, but, in the absence of a No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
I don't miss a friend of my friends. I don't miss my friend. I miss my friend. I don't care for a friend.
... I'm not okay... I'm not okay... I'm not okay... I'm not okay. I'm not okay. I'm not okay. I'm not okay. I'm not okay. I'm not okay.
I'll be a little bit, but I'll be going to be a but I'll be a bit of a kind, but I'll be a bitter, but I'll be the one that I'll be.
, I'll be great, I'll be fine. I'll be fine. I'll be fine. I'll be fine. I'll be fine. I'll be fine. I'll be fine.
, you know, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well.The well-being well.
, you're sure you don't want to go with me a taxi? Do you want to go with me, you know, I'm sure you don't want to go with me a taxi?
cars are not safe, Mom. They're not safe, Mom, aren't safe, mom, not safe, Mom.
... please... please... please... please... please... please... please... please... please... please...Please...Please...Please...Please...Please...Please...Please...Please...Seat the...
, don't go in cars in cars. don't go out in the car. Do not drive in cars.
night sky is much better for you than cars for you, a night sky is much better than a car than a car.
, gold, gold, gold, golden, golden, golden, golden, and golden, and golden, and gold.
, the Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok.O. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok.
? Ok? - Ok? - Ok? - Ok? - Ok? - Ok? - Ok? - Ok? - Ok? - Ok? - Ok? - Ok?
I want you to have my phone number... and not lose it. I want you to have my phone number... and I want you to lose it. I want you to have my phone number... and I don't lose it.
, Julie! Julie! Julie! Julie! Julie! Julie! Julie! Julie! Julie!
, nanny!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
, sweet Montek, goodbye, sweet Montek, goodbye.
, Madam! Madam! Madam! Madam! Madam! Madam! Madam!Madam! Madam!Madam!
, Mrs.! Lady!!Mad lady!Mads, Mrs.!!!!!Madam!
: Miss Julie!!Justie! Miss Julie!! Miss Julie!!Me, Miss Julie!!
, blessed nights! blessed nights!
night and I'm afraid it's just a dream, too beautiful to be realistic. It's a night and I'm afraid it's a dream, too beautiful to be able to be realistic.
three spots just, Romeo, then really good night, then the three spa, the three spa, the Romeo, then the good night.
if your love delivers honor, and headed for marriage, the elephant, who will send me to you tomorrow, where and when the ceremony will take place, and everything I have, I shall put you on my feet, and I will go with You, my lord, trembling to the end of the world.
, Mrs.! Lady!!Mad lady!Mads, Mrs.!!!!!Madam!
, if you don't think you're thinking about me... if you don't like me, if you're thinking...
: Miss Julie!!Justie! Miss Julie!! Miss Julie!!Me, Miss Julie!!
, I'm going now! I'm going now! I'm going! I'm going! I'm going! I'm going! I'm going! I'm going! I'm going!
, Sebastian, Sebastian, just this, Sebastian.
, you know how this works in our society, Mr. Bishop. It's working in our company, Mr. Bishop.
only two companions know the details of specific contracts. Only two partners know the details of specific contracts.
, in this case, two people knew details of two people knew the details of this case, and two people knew the details of two people.
I and Harry McKenna. I and Harry McKenna. I and Harry McKenna. And Harry McKenna. I and Harry McKenna.
Harry sold us to us. And Harry sold us to us.
, we have books from the account. We have account statements. We have account statements.We have account statements.We have account statements.We have account statements.We have account statements.
, look at the last foreign transaction, the last foreign transaction. Look at the latest foreign transaction. The last foreign transaction is transaction.
, two weeks ago, someone transferred $20.000,000 US$$20,000 ago.
, Zestarl, weakened. He was a groin, a groove.
, where he looks at, where he looks at, and where he looks.
, all that was unwilling in him. It was all that had been unwarranted by the defence of defence.
I had no one more respect, but Harry McKenna went too far away.
, it must be removed from the removal of the removal must be removed. It must be removed. It must be removed. It must be removed. It must be removed.
, just now, and now, immediately, the instantaneous.
, you look like a prince... ...from the king's dicks' kingdom.
, hey, weapons are not vacationally vacated.Hey, hey, hey, weapons are not vacation.
you'll have to take off the catatans, you'll have to take off the offense of the catany, you'll have to take off the sun.
?  ⁇ re we going to be a big deal?  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇ 
, this is a ball game!!!!!Oh, this is a ball game!
, it doesn't matter anyway. Well, it doesn't matter anyway. It doesn't matter anyway. It doesn't matter anyway. It doesn't matter anyway.
what should it be? What should it be? What should it be? What should it be? What should it be? What should be?
, B ⁇ lman team of Slamers, Sanji, is in the opponent circle!
!Big Lord!!!!Deep them, Big Lord!
! The viewers are ready for the shaft! The viewers are ready for the shaft!
you'll find him here, Moná's gonna find him here. You'll find him here here here. You'll find him here here. You'll find him here. You'll find him here.
George Judd. Judd. George Jude Judd.
, he's, here, here he, here. It's him, here. It's him, here. It's him, here. It's him, here.
, when we told him that the piano slave of elephants climbed to his bulge, he was afraid he had been fainted out of it.
?Is this you the ones you're the ones? That's what you're doing? That's you? That's you? That's you?
, I'm the little bitchy one, I'm the little bitchy one. I'm the little bitch. I'm the little bitch. I'm the little bitch.
who's this? Who's this? Who's this? Who's this? Who's this? Who's this? Who's this? Who's this? Who's this? This?
how could I just forget? how could I forget? How could I forget? I could I forget? I could forget? I could forget?
you give me a hat with a rabbit and tell me a magician. Give me a hat with a rabbit and tell me a magician.
, you're tafty!!! Taddy! Taddy! Taddy! Taddy!
, here we have it, with our miraculous clinked vaccine. We have it here, with our miraculous clinked vaccine.
, and he has a free passageway, and he has a free passage. It has a free passage. It has a free passage. It has a free passage.
, Faul! Faul! Fault! Fault! Fault! Fault! Fault!To be the Fault!Toffee Mountains!
, but so, I hardly touched you! I touched you! I scarcely touched you!
, it's starting to start it, and it's starting with it. It's starting. It's starting. It's starting. It's starting. It's starting. It's starting. It's beginning. It's beginning.
, don't give me guilt for the effort to try and try to make me feel better.
kids who listen to now? Who are we going to listen now?
, who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who?Mo? The Koho? Who?Mo? The Koho?
, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. The Yes. The Yes.
, the choice is unanimous. It is unanimously unanimously unanimously.
, Captain, Captain, Captain, Captain, Captain, Captain, Captain.
? I don't understand this, I don't understand, I don't understand, I don't understand. I don't understand it. I don't understand. I don't understand.
, please, please. Please. Please. Please. Please. Please.Please.Please.Please.Please.Please.Please.Please.Please.Please.Please.Please.Please.Please.A.
, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
, Father, I remember, Father, I remember, Father. I remember, Father. I remember, Father. I remember. I remember. I remember.
, play something we know.We're going to play what we know.Play something we know.We're going to play.
, Father, Father, please, Father, Father, who is, Father, who is, Father.
? Well why didn't you tell me? Why did you tell me? Why didn't you tell me? Why did you tell me? Why didn't you tell me?
?What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Does it mean?
I would bring a harmonic to bring a harmonic to the harmonisation of the Harmonian Republic.
, carcases, other parts of meat or drugs, which are issued for sorting or sale, shall be kept in cold so as to ensure the maintenance of the temperature referred to in Chapter XIV(6)6 of Annex I to Directive 64/433/EEC.
cooling room for the control of goods or cooling boots for the construction of goods shall be installed if necessary.
, when they tried to move some graves, they found something special.
someone stole the body, someone stole the body, who stole the body. Some of them.
, Aickman, Aickman, Aickman, Aickman, is a bitter, and a Nickman.
or Jonah, Aickman or Jonah.
, maybe, but why, but why, why, why? But why, perhaps, but why, why? But why, why? But why, why? But why?
, we could not come to something else that cut off him? What could we do?
, I guess there's probably not a service here? I guess I guess there's a service here? I guess I'm not here, I guess, there's a service here?
, one minute, one minute, one minute, one minute, one minute, one minute.The minute of the minute. It's been a minute.
, please? please? Please, please? Please? Please? Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?
, thanks to the thanks to the thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanks. Thanks to the thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanksgreening thanks to the thanksgiving thanks to the thanksgeneral.
"We didn't suppose we'd stay here for so long."We didn't expect to stay here."We didn't expect to stay here for so long."
phone: Phone: Phone: Phone: Phone: Phone: Phone: Phone: Phone: Phone: Phone: Phone: Phone: Phone: Telephone: Phone: Phone number: Phone number:
: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax: Fax
, translators and interpretation services of the European languages of the Translation and interpretation services of the Translation and Interpretation of Translation and Interpretation Services.
: address: address: address: address: address: address: address: address: address: address:: address: address:: address: address:: address: address: address: address: address:
Prague 1 Prague 1 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 1 Praha 1 1 Praha 1 1 Praha 1 1 1 Praha 1 1 Praha 1 1 1 Praha 1 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha 1 Praha
wait, what? What? Wait, what? Wait, what? Wait, what? Wait, what? Wait, what? What?At the wait, what?
, we'll scream every time something gets out of us? It's gonna be a screaming, when we're going to attack us?
... ...the Baird... ...is here. It's here. It's here. It's here. It's here. It's here. It's here. It's here.
? Here here here? Here here? Here here? Here here? Here? Here? Here? Here? Here? Here? Here? Here? Here? Here? Here? Here? Here? Here?
where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where?Anothermeal is the... ...there is to be, the... ...there is, wherever the... ...is the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...and the... ...when... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and the... ...and... ...when... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...w... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...w... ...w... ...w... ...w... ...w... ...w... ...and... ...w... ...and... ...w... ...w... ...w... ...w... ...w... ...w... ...whew... ...w... ...w
? I mean, is it okay? is it okay? Does it be okay? It's okay? It's okay? It's okay? It's okay? It's okay?
, it's mad at me, so yeah, it's okay, it's okay, she's fine, she's upset, so she's fine.
, he wants us to go here and go there in the way.He wants us to go through the tidy. It wants us to go here.
, Colonel Baird, the source of the circumference is here.The source of the circumference is here.
, I think we'll find what it's doing there, what's going on. I think we'll find there is what it's causing.
I think you want to go ahead and I'm going to go to her for her. I think she wants you to go ahead and I'm going to go to her.
, a good plan, a good plan, a good plan, a good plan, a good plan. Good plan.The plan is to be a plan.
, I can take care of myself, I can take care of myself, I can take care of myself. I can take care of myself. I can take care of myself. I can take care of myself.
? Do you mean that I'm not? I'm not? I'm not? I'm not?
, I'm not, Baird. I'm not, Baird. I'm not, Baird.
"game" and 'mother' and he told them it, and he told them.
why, someone dying? Does someone die? Someone dying? Someone dying? Someone dying? Someone dying?
, your connection to faith, your beliefs, your bonding to faith.
convince these boys? If they do not know these boys? If they do?
, you know what you can do to do.What you can do is do.You know what you can do.What you can do?What you can do?What you can do?What you can do.
I'm not going to be with you to guess with you. I'm not going to be with you. I'm not going to guess to you. I'm not going to guess to you. I'm not going to guess.
, because of you, we don't have our priest, correct this. We don't have our priest, correct this.
, here we have this, rule 12 paragrams 9, give up, surrender.
? I have a son who is spiritual, what is it counting? It's counting? I have a sons that are spiritual, what is supposed to be?
I don't think you have a baby in this team, the Player of the playground manager.
, this is a baseball, it's an American game, not some church service. It's a baseball now, it's a baseball game, it's an American game, not some church service.
coach, how do you name yourself? What are you appointing? Coach, how do you deny yourself?
Hicks, Sam Hicks, Sam Hicks. Hicks, Sam Hicks, Sam Hicks.
"Louisville, coach Sam Hicks said that the baseball is more important than God.
Lobsang, now? Now, now? Now, Lobsang, now? Now? Now? Now, Lobsang, now? Now? Now? Now? Now? Now? Now? Now? Now?
, we're going, we're going! Go, go!! Go, go! I'm going! I'm going! I'm going! I'm going! Here we're going!
, Lhama!!! Lhama!!More!!!!!!!!!hamo!!!!
, Oh, no, no, no, but not. Oh, no, no, oh, no, no. Oh, no.
, they found them, but they found them, they found them. They found them. They found them. They found them. They found them. They found them. They found them. They were they. They found them.
, from the West, the Dary of the West.
... His things-- the great 13th Dalai of the fabric---- the great deal of the... the great 13th Dalai of the fabric-- the great thing-- the great deal of the fabric---- the great deal...
the importance of the four born Truth.
what are the four natural truths? What are the four Greeks born?
: The truth of the Truth, the four of the truths of the Lord Buddha: The truth of the Urrrrd, Truth Why We Trp We are, we suffer, we suffer, the four of the truths are taught.
: The truth about the Utr-- - You're doing it's too pride in it. It's too pride.
, the hatch your head up your head.Show your head down.Show your head down.
Ling Rinpoche is your teacher. Ling Rinpoch is your teacher. It is your teacher. It is your teacher.
, you lean before him. You lean before him. You lean before him.
what are the causes of suffering? What are the causes of suffering? What are the causes of suffering??What are the causes of suffering??
website The EUTL will allow the recipients of the reports listed in Annex XIII to raise questions to these questions using search functions.
"I hope," he said, "that you're fantastically enjoying the festival." "I hope," he said, "that you're going to enjoy the festival."
?" Zlota asked the fence of the Asphalt?" he asked, "Assalte?" he asked Zlota.
?" said Mr. Zloto, Sir?" "Yes, Mr. Zloto?"
, "Do you better watch your way, do you?" he said, "Do you want to watch out the way, okay?"
, when he walked the archic-chancellor around his wand, he flung her, and he flung her into love.
, she was two metres long and very magical, and she was a very beautiful one, two metres long and very magical.
not to use magic too often, not that it would use magic so often. It would be so often that magic would be used.
, according to his experience, what has been deteriorated by several strike of two-meter oaks, it was just so resistant to magic.
, Mr. "Do you not think we should invite the elderly wizards?" suggested Rosafin.
? Do you not speak French that not? Do you speak French that you do not? Not to mention French that you do not? Not to French that you do not?
, you're a weirdo-driven, and you're surprised to be a weirdo.
, it looks like the River looks like the River's River looks like the River. It looks like the River. It looks like the River. It looks like the River. It looks like River.
, maybe drug dealer drug dealer. Maybe drug dealer drug dealer. Maybe drug dealer drug dealer.
, Jeff Winger. Jeff Winger. Jeff Winger. Jeff Winger. Jeff Winger. Jeff Winger.
, the main favoriteit. The main favorite. The main favorite. The main favorite. The main favorite.
, Magnitude. Magnitude.Magnitude, Magnitude, Magnitude, Magnitude, is a magnesium, and a magnitus.
's a mint. It's a mint. It's a funer. It's a funer. It's a funer. It's a funer. It's a funer. It's a fungi.
, Hawthorne Pierce Hawthorne. Pierce Hawthorne.
, the wolf wolf-cooled wool.The wizard wolf-cooling squadron.
I live with this guy, I live with this guy. I live with this guy. I live with this guy. I live with this guy. I live with this guy. I live with this guy.
, he has nightmares and phone with the heating phone. He has nightmares and telephone with the heating phone.
, Garrettt, Garrett. Garrettt. It's a lot of Garrett.
this guy's just a broodle's just a guy's just a bordel.This guy's just a guy's a brothel.
, as if God spit out a person. If God spit out a person. If God spit out a person.
, and Vicki. And Vicki. And Vicki. And Vicki. And Vicki. And Vicki. And Vicki.
, that's exactly the one's exactly the one. It's exactly the one. It's exactly the one. It's exactly the one. It's exactly the one. It's exactly the one. It's just the one.
, in order to order, orderly, in order to order, to order, to order, to order, to be well founded.
who's on the hammocks? Who's oven on the hammer? Who's on the hammer? Who's on the hammock? Who's on the hammock?
, Sidda and I go look for a guy from a plane. I'm going to see a guy from a plane.
, you know, you're gonna be a good one, you're gonna be a good one. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey.He's been a bitter, hello, you're gonna be wearing a pair of pit-floor.
, I know you must be totally exhausted after so long, but could I ask you to be a single year, for my daughter?
, not, but, not, but, in the absence of a No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
, I'm sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
, please? please? Please, please? Please? Please? Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?Please?
, she had been confused, and now she wanted to fly down the way she had been to the first to be confused, and she wanted to fly.
, I'll pay you the charges, I'll pay you. I'll pay you. I'll pay you. I'll pay you. I'll pay you. I'll pay you.
, Madam, I'm flying to Baton Rouge, I'm flying to Baton Rouge, I'm going to Baton Rouge.
, I'm going to Macon in Georgia, morning, and morning.
I'll be there from 7 o'clock in the morning from 7:00 in the morning. I'll be there from 7:00 in the morning. I'll be there from 7:00 in the morning. I'll be there from 7:00 in the morning.
I can pay you a dollar and $18 cents. I can pay you the whole dollar and 18 cents.
, I know they were looking for, uh, cleaning experience, but...
- Oh, uh, wait, um, and what about the position of hostess? that you, you, you...
, here's something we have here something we have here, here we have something we have here, we have something here, we have something here, we have something to do here, and we have something to do here.
I go to the secret mission to prison jail. I go to the secret mission to prison. I go to the secret mission to prison. I will go to prison. I will go to prison.
one of the prisoners here says that he's a guardian at you in Hellfjord.
, what if you could get out of the weekend? If you could get out of the weekend? If you could get out of the weekend? If you could get out of the weekend?
, you do it! Make it! Make it! Make it! Make it!
are you going too? Do you also go too? Also, are you going to go? Also, you're going to go? Also, you're going to go? Also, you're going to go?
, not, but, not, but, in the absence of a No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
you have five minutes' walk away, you have five minutes' walk away. You have five minutes' walk away. You have five minutes.You have five minutes.You have five minutes.You have five minutes.You have a 5-minute drive.
, I know everything! I know everything! I know everything completely everything! I know everything! I know everything! I know everything! I know everything! I know everything! I know everything!
, wait! wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait!
in what extent the interpretation  ⁇  421g second sentence of SGB III, in the sense that employment subject to social insurance is only a job in the scope of the Socizialgesetzbuch, to Community law on the protection of freedom to provide services and free competition, in particular Articles 49, 50 and 87 in conjunction with Articles 81, 85 and 86 of the EC Treaty or other Community law?
Article 1(a) (a) (a) (a) a) a) a) (a) a) a) (a) a) a) (a) a) a) (a) a) a) , a) a) , a) (a) a) , a) and (a) a)
what extent is possible or desirable interpretation of the provisions to prevent any infringement under heading 3 in accordance with European law?
, he claimed that he was not normal. He claimed that he was not normal. He claimed that he was not normal.
, we'll give it this. Let's do this. Let's give it a good deal. Let's do this. Let's do this.
, but we're not going to leave until we're detected, as it was. It's been.
, I hope, soon, he will speak to the sooner, and I hope he will speak.
, Greg?Greg? Greg?Greg?Greg?Greg?Greg?Greg?
, you know, you're gonna be a good one, you're gonna be a good one. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey.He's been a bitter, hello, you're gonna be wearing a pair of pit-floor.
I just printed something for you here, I just got something for you. I just got something for you. I just got a copy of something for you.
, for your case, you're gonna be in the case of yours, for your case, you're gonna be in the case.
internet? from the internet? From the internet? From the internet from the internet? From the internet? From the internet? From the internet? From the internet?
, I had a break, a little time, I had a break, a little time, and a little time.
I didn't find the wife, unfortunately, I didn't find the wife, I was afraid, too, but I didn't find the wife.
, you deserve power and power from my mouth and you deserve your mouth from me.
, it's Claudia's Claudia, it's Claudia's been Claudia. It's still Claudia. It's Claudia.
, Claudia's rich husband also died young too, too, young. Claudia's rich husband died young too.
, when I went back, she was gone. - And no one saw her. And no one saw her.
what she did with you? What did she do with you? What did she do with you? What did she do with you?
, is it the matter? Does it matter? Does it matter, depending on it? Does it matter, depending on it?
, we'll put them in the interview, tell them where they were. They're going to be interviewed, and we'll put them in the interview, tell them where they were.
, while missing person. There's nothing more we can do now. We can't do anything more now. We can't do it anymore. We can't do anything more now.
, we have to go now, now we have to go now, now we have to go now.We have to go now.We have to go now.We have to go now.We have to go now.We have to go now.
you fucking dead son of a bitch! fuckin' dead son of a bitch!
, calm down, and calm down, calm down, and relax, calm down.
, the criminal offence is not suspected of the commit of crimes.
, we will respect our rules. We will respect our rules. We will respect our rules. We will respect our rules.We will respect our rules.We will respect our rules.
? Do you understand? Do you understand? Do you understand? Do you understand?
, I recognize it, I recognize it, I recognize it. I recognize it. I recognize it. I recognize it. I recognize it. I recognize it. I recognize it.
, Ovevevet, Ovevevevet, ovevevex, ovevex, and Ovevex, is the ovex of the Ovex.
, Ove, Ove.S.O.S.Ove, Ove.V., Ove. Ove. Ove.
what's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on?
"Would they look out why those hours work?" she will be looking out why they work?"
what do you want to do?" he said, "What do you want to do?"
"I'll kill them!" he said, "I'll get them!" "I'll get them!" "Rozbi!"
!" "Destroy the history!" the history!" the historians will destroy!" the history!" the history!"; and the history of the history of the history!"
?" "So?" "So?" "So?" "Well?" "Well?" "Well?" "Well?" "Well, the "Are you going to be the one who's been the one who's been doing so," he said, "So?"
, he took his hand and took her hand over his hand.
she felt her arms was something like shocking her arms.
to the clock!" he called at her!" he called at her.
"Alex-"-"Alex-"Alex-"Alex-"Alex-"Alex, "Alex-"Alex, "Alex-"Alex, "Alex-"Alex, "Alexible"
"Don't I speak to me! "Don't I speak of me! "Don't I speak of me!
I must remember!" I must remember!" I must remember!" I must remember!" I must remember!" I must remember!" I must remember!"
"Will what?" "Pamat what?" "Pamatate what?" "Pamatate what?" "Pamat what?"
!" "All!" "Everything!" "Everything!" said the "Everything!" "All!" "All!" "All!"
Mr. White had already raised the axe, but now he turned to the axe, but now he turned.
, if you don't trust too much body, but you don't trust the body too much to trust the body.
I am glad you're okay, sir. I'm glad you're okay, sir. I'm glad you're okay, sir. I'm glad you're okay, sir.
, Fisher, Fishere.
, we were concerned about you, sir. We were concerned about you, sir. We were afraid of you, sir.
, it's not over breakfast to flood before breakfast. It's not over breakfast to swim to swim before breakfast. It's not over breakfast to flood.
, sir, just so, sir, that's exactly whatsoever, sir.
, let me have a piece of paper and pencil. Give me a piece of paper and pencil.
is the number 17. It is number 17. It is number 17. It is a number 17. It is a number 17. It is a number 17. It is a number 17. It is a number 17. It is a number of 17.
, you know, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well-being well.The well-being well.
, Mr., Mr., I thank you, Mr., Mr., Mr., Mr., Mr., Mr., Mr., Mr.. I am pleased to see the Illicit Youth of the Site of the Site.
, son, son, son, and son, and son, are all right, and son.
...Greek Street 24. 24. .Greek Street 24.3.
, you know, don't worry, you're afraid, you're afraid, you're afraid, you're afraid, you're afraid, you're afraid of yourself.
I'll write and tell them to be proud of you, and I'll write to them to be proud of you.
I will tell you something, but it will be between us, I'm scared to death.
, he'd get up, and he'd get the idea of getting the minds of the way.
, but black bread with butter, which has three hundred meters north of the car, it will be enough to do.
six and six minutes and six minutes.This time this time six and a half minutes.This time six and a half minutes.This time.This time six and a half minutes.
, at least he looked around the woods on the east, perhaps he had waited for the noisy of diesel engines, but he heard only the stroke of birds.
, this Chinese lieutenant was much more carefully from the pair of the two, Bujkov thought.
, we should kill him as first, until he comes, he thought. He thought.
Alexandrov's rotmistrow clawed to the shoulder. Alexandrov's blade was pinned on the shoulder.
"We will move, Boris Jevgenievich."The Boris Jevgenijevich."
"Rozk, the court of Captain." "Captain." "Roz, the court of Captain." "Captain."
, both rose, the first hundred meters were crouched, careful not to make the noise, and then heard the Chinese start their cars.
? Add bigger things. Clothes, lamps, bed linen ... TV, and a TV show
I reminded them that you're a major one, with gold clubs and summer in the list, do what they can.
, we came with such a great idea that I had wore my hands of gauze and obese and then we went to the aircraft, through Atlantic to Curych we flew out, was dark, I went to the toilet and played an inconvenient, so I opened my door and helped me.
, the only one who can suit me is Craig Grego...
, before Lindbergh flew Atlantic, he started on these ranches.
Search usually takes one month to every 10,000 ⁇  from the salary you expect.
, they say... madness then it's gonna be righteous. It's just a good thing to say... madness then it's gonna be right.
how you imagined it when you were...? What were you doing? When you were doing this, when you were you, when you were...?
, he, uh... really sat in this. He sat in the real estate. He sat down, eh... the fact... he sat in it.
, it is inadequate ... according to the definition of the definition, it is inadequate ... according to the definition of failure. It is inadequate ... according to the definition.
I'm also too, too, too, I'm also too, too, too, I'm also too, too. I'm also too. I'm also in possession of the same thing as that.
, you're gonna be a good one, okay. Well, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, the goodbye to the goodbye, and the good-looking, the good-looking.
, you go, you can get a flight to the flights, and you can get to the flight. Go, be sure to get a flight.
... what relationship do you actually have? What kind of relationship do you have? What kind of relationship do you have?
, you know, unintended. You know, unwanted.
Article 197 Protection 1. Privacy 1. Article 197 Protection 1.
, every minute spontaneously, without any visible communication between animals, - like a blue gloss on the fabric.
tymbrimi explained that some ancient galactic race that had been living in Chathhenlin a long time ago, was programming those figurines into the clide as a sort of voice.
, since then, no one has ever been able to decipher the puzzle if what was to obey.
Gillian wondered if the clerks hadn't created their own usefulness for the picture.
, however, the Tymbrimi, the loving mysteries, gave preference to their version.
, she had forgotten you for a long time ago. She had forgotten you for you. She had forgotten you for you.
... I know I'm crazy, but I'd like to try it at least. I know I'm crazy, but I'd like to try it at least.
, Princess, I like to meet you again, I'm pleased to meet you again. I'm pleased to meet you again. I'm pleased to meet you again.
! Yellow!! Yeight! Go right! View the correction!
, the great, beautiful, and the beautiful. It's a good one.
, the accuracy of the accuracy of the precision. The accuracy of the precision.The accuracy of the precision.The accuracy of the precision.
! Princess Ballo!! Princess, Princess Ballo!!! Princess Valo!! Princess Valo!! Princess Valo!! Princess Valo!
! Princess Ballo!! Princess, Princess Ballo!!! Princess Valo!! Princess Valo!! Princess Valo!! Princess Valo!
... the Princess... the Balo, the greeting of soldiers, the soldiers of the warranted.
, she recognized me!! I knew me!!!!!! Ach, she knew me!
, let it be possible to be it, let it be it to be it. Let it be possible to be it. Let it be. It is the case that you can be.
that boy did it, the boy did it, he did it, he did it, he did it, he did it. The boy did it. It was the boy.
he killed Lodze. He killed the Lodze.
killed him? Hawkins killed him? Hawkins killed him? Hawkins killed him? Hawkins killed him?
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
, but, so, come on, so, you know, it's not that you're going to be a good one.
, and the little red helped him hide it, and the little red helped him hide it.
how? how? how? How? How? How? How? How? How?How? How?How?How?How?How?How?Atailing How?To do you want to do so, or in the worst case, the Site isolated by the Site of the Site.
I wouldn't believe I'd tell you anyway. If I didn't believe you, I wouldn't believe you, I'd like to tell you that.
just trust me, trust me, trust me, and I'm just, you know, I'm just, trusted to me.
, there is no doubt about it. It is not about any doubt about it. It is not about any doubt. It is not about any doubt.
, for Christ's wounds, for Christ's wounds.
, dead or alive, the fog for me was not anything to mean to me anyway.
, he's not my problem, he's not my problem, he's not my problem, he's not my problem. He's not my problem. He's not my problem. He's not my problem.
, we have a bigger problem, Felix, Felix. We have a bigger problem, Felixi. We have a bigger problem. We have a bigger problem. We have a Felixi.
, as a result of the publication in the Official Journal, the [10] Not yet published in the Official Journal.
, it must be enough to do it."It must be enough."It must be enough to do so."
"But -" -" - "But -" -" -" -" - "But -" -" -" -" -" -" -" -" -" -"
Denubis had put his hand to the forehead's forehead's face in confusion.
, this will require a lot of reports, explaining the relevant factors.
man cannot just command the honor of the temple guard!
"Go ahead, Denubis," said the man slightly.
"It will not be long-" she will not live for long..." "It will not be life anymore..." she will not live for long-""
Denubis swallowed the day. Denubis swallowed. Denubis swallowed.
! dying - on the market!!!!!! dying - on the market!
, the crowd probably stands in the crowd of chumilos.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Knz-Knz will be very upset- The priest opened his mouth, but then closed them again.
, "Go, go on, go, and go, go, and go, "So, go. "Go, go. "Go to the end of the day, and go.
I will present you to my family."I will present you."I will present you my family."I will present you."I will present you my family."
"You don't understand," Silver said, "You don't understand," Silver said.
I might have done a terrible thing, but a terrible mistake, but a terrible mistake.
I might have to give you the papers. I don't know how to give you the papers. I don't know. I don't know how to give you the papers. I don't know.
, you're going away from me. Go from me, from me, go from me, from me, go from me, and from me, you're going to be a lot of time, and you're going to get me.
why not not? Why aren't they? Why aren't they? Why aren't they? Why aren't they?
, I promise you, I promise, I promise, I promise, I promise.
, maybe you shouldn't have been so easy to give up so easily. Maybe you shouldn't have waived yourself so easily. You might not give up so easily. You shouldn't have waived yourself.
there's a gift for you here's a gift for you. Here's a gift for you. Here's a gift for you. Here's a gift for you.
, your baby, your baby, your baby, is the child, you know, your baby.
, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
. - Nashle, you're also. - Nashle. You're also. - Nashle. You're also. - Nashle.
, thanks to the thanks to the thank you. Thank you, thanks to the thanks to the thanksgiversary of the thanksgeneral.
in Greece, Jacques, Greece, Jacques. Welcome in Greece, Greece, Jacques, Jacques.
how are you supposed to be? How do you get to be? How do you get to get to know how to get you?
, John, Joano, welcome, Johanno, and Joano, welcome, John.
was the road good? was she good? was she a travel? It was a road? It was a road trip was good?
I'm not gonna give you all the information I'm gonna give you all the information. I'm letting you give you all the information. I'm letting you all the information.
, you'll come with me with me. Come with me, go with me with me. I'm with you, go with me. I'm glad you're with me.
I'm sick of the smell of fish, and I'm doing the smell of fish. It's a fancy fish.
